"We recently decided to give this place another try after having issues at our normal vet and I'm very glad we did! We transferred all of our pets records over here and plan on using them and only them. The receptionists are always on top of everything, friendly and helpful. Both the vet techs as well as the vets have also been very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. We had an incident with one of or dogs, Miracle, and Dr.Finder took GREAT care of her and now Miracle LOVES her. We are very pleased with the treatment our animals have been receiving here!",5.0
"Honestly, very rarely do I leave a negative feedback on a store but this place of business was very rude and ZERO customer service! 

My husband went into the store for a specific tool, and the second he walked in, the store employees automatically thought he was there to steal. 

They first started by having a female associate follow him through every aisle he was in! When he finally realized he was being followed he asked the lady if she was following him, and her response was ""it's my job!"" 

We are honest, hard-working people so we have no reason to steal.

After confronting the store associate, she called her manager over and he specifically says ""I know your people, I know what you came here to do!"" And demanded he leave, so he did.

I'm not sure if there has been too much shoplifting going on there but not every BROWN person is there to steal! 

 Needless to say, we will stick to Home Depot :)",1.0
"Good food. Place seems a little hidden, but I like places like that. :)

They put green grapes in their side salad! Omg, it was soooo good! I really like their meatloaf too. Nice cafe to go to during my lunch break.",4.0
"Great wine and beer selections along with great produce. Lots of items you can not find at other grocery stores. Gluten free products, organic products too.
 This evening they had a wine tasting with Cameron Hughes. Nice wines & appetizers. Very friendly staff.",5.0
"Went there with my family for a casual quick dinner.

The atmosphere seems like a divey-bar turned into a restaurant-I mean this is a very cute and charming way.  

Food is very value, dinner is approximately $15/person and large portions are given.  My only call out is that the food is quite salty, but the attentiveness of the waitress, who is always there to fill up your glass, definitely helps.

I would recommend the oxtail for sure.

Restaurant is definitely 5 stars for service.  The one waitress that was working was very sweet and attentive- she gave us free wings (which were delicious) as the perogies were sold out.  There seemed to quite a few regulars there as well.",4.0
"Almost missed it as we drove down the street. Came just in time for a table for two without a wait for brunch last weekend. I absolutely loved the soft scrambled eggs. As an egg enthusiast, I must say that I'm still thinking of how delicious it was. My boyfriend had the jerk chicken waffles, which he thought was just ok. He requested medium for his spice level but it tasted more like mild. The waitress offered him a side of the spicer sauce if needed while we were ordering but she forgot to bring it with our meals. Didn't bother to ask for the sauce after a while as we were mostly done with our meals. We loved the affordable prices as well. I'd come back again for sure if in the area again.",4.0
"I came in for a works package before I went on a cross country trip. My experience here was pretty ridiculous. First off I was greeted by the writer, he was alright, the exchange was quick and I was off to waiting. About 45 minutes later he calls me saying that the so called ""technician"" couldn't get my lug nuts off so they wouldn't do my rotate, of course I questioned this and I told him that I want to come a look and then he threw in a quick ""also you need an air filter"" and once he said that I knew I was going to have to hurt some feelings once I looked at it because it was brand new. Anyway, I walked up to my car to be greeted by this goofy looking kid. I watched him sit there and let his impact hit my lug it for 10 seconds or so on full power as a ""demonstration"" and it's funny because a month prior I had rotated my tires myself... Without a single issue and let me make note that I usually do my own vehicle maintenance but I was 2,000 miles away from home and I had nowhere to do it at. Anyway... I told him that and he tried giving me this explanation like I was an idiot... So I told him he was wrong but since this ""technician"" is merely to incompetent to zip off some lug nuts I canceled the rotate because I knew that this high speed motherfucker would end up snapping off all of my studs and then I'd really be in for a ride. So I said requested to see me filter, he pulls out a literal brand new filter that had a very few VERY LARGE pieces of acorn in it that I literally picked out with my finger, I couldn't help myself, I started laughing at this guy. I the. Proceeded to explaining to him how you properly inspect and air filter... Making sure to talk slow enough for him to understand, I showed him that you check the physical appearance of the filter, is the filter black, and I showed him that you should hold it up to a light to check and see if there is any light coming through it and I shit you now this kid literally had acted like he had never heard this before... I handed it back to him and said pick out the large pieces of debris and put it back and next time try not to sell something that doesn't needed to be sold because you won't always get away with it idiot. So, after that I was asking the writer how much it would be since I wasn't getting the rotate and he said it would knock off $5... $5!!!!! THATS FUCKING IT. At this point I was so pissed, and now I had to explain to the writer how this made no sense and how in the flat rate system that ford uses that a rotate pays 5/10ths of an hour and an oil change pays 2/10ths if it's on a gas engine or 5/10ths if it's on a Diesel engine... And I got to thee here I was like ""now, how does that make any fucking sense to you"" obviously this dude was at a large loss for words because of all of the factual information that I just provided to him, the only response he could give was ""that's just how much it is"" so I was like ALRIGHT! I paid the ridiculous amount for some stupid mouth breather to change my oil and I left. ALSO! As I was leaving... The cashier said my keys were in my car and I was all set, I walked out to my car and they weren't there, so I had to sit there for 15 extra minutes while I watched all of their porters sit there with their dicks in there hands trying to find my keys that they misplaced. HERES WHERE IT GETS EVEN BETTER!!! The company emailed me a survey request, and after thoroughly filling it out and literally typing out every single thing that would happen it told me that they are sorry for my negative experience and that someone would contact me in 3-4 days... It's been a month and I haven't heard a god damn thing from this crooked place. The staff that I dealt with didn't have a fucking clue what they were talking about, the ""technician"" was undertrained... Or should I say completely lacking any training at all, and the facility sucked. The service department here is one giant pile of steaming fucking shit who seriously needs to consider un-fucking themselves. Overall... Fuck this place.",1.0
upon entrance we were greeted with positive energy. it was my first time here and the atmosphere was really nice. polite service for amazing food. the cashier took the order in a well manner and recited it back. the food came out in a timely manner and gave me time to reminisce on the tv that was playing dbz's cell game. good was good and service was amazing. a+ for the hentai on the painting by the bathroom!,5.0
"Service and ambience are both good. I find those are two things that the restaurants in the Southpoint do surprisingly well. I almost couldn't decide between a three or four star rating, but I decided to round up because I love their eggplant parmesan so much. 

I've been here three times, and each time it was great. Nothing worse than ordering something you loved before and getting a crappy version the next time. Bonus points for consistency. The eggplant is tender and layered with wonderful creamy ricotta filling, excellent marinara, and topped with a thick golden layer of bubbling mozzarella. $17 worth of heaven.

The bread basket is nice- two flavors of ciabatta rolls: plain and topped with sun dried tomatoes. It comes with a dish of garlic cloves and roasted peppers in oil, and if you get your pretty sister to bat her eyelashes at the waiter, you will also get butter, olive oil and balsamic vinegar. A yummy little bread buffet.

My sis loves the grilled shrimp appetizer. I found it just ok- tends to be overcooked and a little tough. (Which still beats undercooked and slimy). Shrimp are hard to get to that perfect doneness, but they ARE professionals.

Babygirl likes the Chicken Angelo, which I find good but not the best version I've ever had. Makes me nostalgic for the old Cosmo's Underground.

Dessert is kind of weak.( Not unexpected in an Italian restaurant- the only thing I usually like are cannolis anyway) . Little guy had the coconut sorbet, which was served in a real shell and garnished nicely, but frozen too hard and somewhat flavorless.

And speaking of flavorless, my biggest complaint is the salad course. It's kind of a Catch 22 : it's too small, and it doesn't taste very good. SO, you want a bigger salad, but not THAT salad. They call it caesar, but you can detect almost none of the wonderful pungent, earthy flavors it should have. It's just a little bowl of watery, flavorless. shredded lettuce. I'm thinking they cut down down the portions to avoid waste when they saw how much was being returned to the kitchen. But the problem was not that they were giving too much, but that nobody liked it. Get a clue, Don Vito's: enough people have complained about the salad, so fix it!
It's not that hard. And while you're at it, take that shrimp off the fire a minute earlier. 

Thank you.",4.0
"I'm reviewing the Korean food bazaar event that took place at the church...great event - huge turnout! First of all, parking sucks so get there earlier because trying to find a spot seems impossible- there are parking garages/areas around walnut street so park there and walk to the church - that seems the least frustrating. It was our first time attending so it was a little confusing at first trying to figure out the event layout and then we got distracted from the food with the awesome little flea market there!  I got a super cute fur cuffed/collared denim jacket for only $5! My sister got a coach cross body bag for $10! And some great shirts and sweaters for only $1.  Unfortunately we came too late for what I really came for which was the bibimbap.  The event was supposed to go till 4 and we got there around 1 so they ran out of a lot of food early.  The bulgogi was amazing and the chicken was tasty too but I will admit I was disappointed they ran out of the bibimbap and several other things I was going to get instead but this event was totally worth going.  It's a little spread out so there are lines for food outside but there is also food in the church 1st floor as well as the basement so don't make a rookie move and miss out on checking out those areas before waiting in the huge line outside at the grill.  Next time I'll come early and get my bibimbap!!",4.0
"My 2014 KIA Forte that had under 53K miles and under warranty died. I took it to this location because I've had all of the service for this car completed here.  The full experience of having your car die to find out it needs a new motor is highly frustrating. The worst part was that KIA made it more frustrating.  I had to fight for a loaner, waited a full two months to get the car back and when I asked for updates they would tell me they didn't have an update on the parts.  
I originally started working with Luke when this process began and he gave me his number to call or to text.  When he called to tell me that the car needed a new motor he originally told me it was going to cost 5000 or more dollars!  So I also had to fight for them to honor the warranty!!!!!!! 

Finally this past Week the car was ready but I was away on vacation and the loaner was stuck at my house.  I received 1 voicemail from Luke to tell me the car was ready and to let him know when I could pick it up. I called back the next morning and told him in a voicemail that I was out of town and could return the loaner and pick up my car onJuly 3rd. The following day while on vacation I had a voicemail from Tim the Service manager who told me in an irritated tone that my car was ready and they needed the loaner for someone else.  I was dumbfound by the comment and couldn't believe that Luke didn't relay these details.  So on my vacation I called Tim back who also didn't answer and told him that I already explained all of this to Luke and to please call me back to make the arrangements. NO RETURN CALL!!!.  So today I called in the morning and asked for Luke and Tim and Rich who answered the phone didn't give me to either one.  So I left work when I could and randomly showed up.  The man who didn't have a name tag was more worried about the loaner than making sure I was satisfied with the car.  Complete garbage and the worst service I've ever received.  I will never by a KIA again and I will NEVER go back to this location.  I believe that Tim the ""Service Manager"" is a waste of space and he only teaches his employees the worst concepts of customer service.",1.0
Very helpful & knowledgeable staff. The new shoes have made my running a lot easier.  Thank you!,5.0
"Once you have Tacos Atoyac, you never go back! 
Tacos Atoyac is our favorite ""go to"" diner for the hubs and myself. 
You seriously cannot find better tacos ANYWHERE! 
THEE best fish tacos around. My husband prefers the campechano tacos. He's also tried the campechano in a burrito and loved it as well. Everything we've tried here is amazing! 
Pinto beans are always perfect, as are the black beans. The tortas are delish. Literally cannot say anything bad about the place, except maybe they need a soda fountain. 
The different salsas are amazing but the guac is my fave. 

Customer service is always EXCELLENT! But the owner doesn't take crap from nasty customers (as he shouldn't have to). 

Prices are more than fair!",5.0
"I've bumped up my review because one of the owners responded and really seemed to care about addressing the situation I described. I agree that giving the place a totally negative review because of some bad customers is not fair to the business. So, a solid three stars for fun. The kids do love it.",3.0
Great selection of stylish frames and ultra friendly staff. Perfection is standard when eye are is concerned.,5.0
"Was looking for something cheap to spend one more night in vegas. 30$ for 1 night. Cannot beat that. My room was better that expected, mostly clean. I was in room 2508 in building C of a section called the circus manor. Feels a little bit like a concentration camp. Biggest negative point: you are at the far end of the strip and have to take a bus or walk 30 minutes to get to the center of the strip.",2.0
It took a long while but we finally figured out what was still old-school about Vegas and it's the manner at Circus Circus a three level row of hotel rooms behind Circus Circus without ballet that has self parking and you don't need to use elevators this truly is the right place for my father 83 years old still smoking still Kickin ass and still playing slot machines like there's no tomorrow thank God you're still a piece of Vegas that reminds us of what Vegas used to be,4.0
"we had a weekend at planet hollywood but wanted to stay in vegas an extra night. they sent us a deal for circus circus which ended up being like 32$ it's at the end of the strip but we didn't mind walking (that's what you do in vegas anyway).  for those of us on a budget, this was the way to go! 

the room was fine ( who wants to hang out in the room?) for us and was clean. it was also pretty spacious. the casino had a little of everything too. shops, restaurants, and of course gambling. we got a little coupon book with a BUNCH of deals in it like free drinks and stuff. 

an unexpected bonus was the performances. they do circus performances upstairs in the casino several times a day and the ones we saw were pretty amazing. contortionists and acrobats really blew us away, and the greatest part? FREE. aww yea!

all in all this was a great deal. if you're looking for a cheap place to lay your head at night, this is the way to go. good luck finding a hotel room at motel 6 for under 40$, much less a hotel in vegas",4.0
"Excellent Lunch Menu!

My Kiwanis Club meets here on Thursdays at 12:15pm, so I'm quickly becoming a regular.  I've tried to taste as many options from their lunch offerings as I can and I've yet to find one that I wouldn't order a second time.  Perhaps the only caveat to that would be that the fish & chips goes a little heavy on the breading around the fish so it fills you up with dough/batter rather than wish fish.

Service is quick.  The wait staff knows their stuff.  And the view (ask for the river view!) is tremendous.  For those looking to get away from the downtown hustle and bustle but want to stay accessible to work, the Grand Concourse is certainly an option that will not disappoint.",3.0
Pretty nice place! I was quite surprised at how nice it is inside. The wait staff is very friendly and with so many tables you shouldnt have a problem getting seats. Food was very good! I had the bahn mi and it was very tasty. Recommend!,4.0
"I like Ducks. They're crazy (hence where Daffy got his name). So I felt that Grenadier Pond, the top duck hang-out of the city, deserved a separate shout-out from High Park.

Even in winter (yes WINTER) this pond is lovely. The ice is sort of partially frozen in spots so you have that crystal effect along the water, the tall bull rushes rim the edges like a majestic fence (oh yes, I said MAJESTIC) and the ducks! They're still there, man! And when you walk up to the edge they'll get a little closer, just to see if you've got food but it's cool because those mean old geese are gone, so it's just you and the ducks. The crazy daffy ducks.

I.................need to get out more....around people, I mean.",4.0
"I absolutely love this piercing shop. The owner Kathi has done all four of my piercings (bottom lip, philtrum, tongue and septum) over the past two years. She is extremely knowledgable and friendly. I've never had problems with my piercings healing or anything else. She always answers all of my questions and concerns that I may have. I highly recommend this shop if you want your piercing done properly. I would never trust anyone else to pierce me after finding this shop. She also has a ton of beautiful piercing jewelry for any piercing you may have. If you live around Canonsburg, I wouldn't trust anyone else but Kathi at Kutters Edge.",5.0
"Great variety of fish! Alternative to the expensive Wild King Salmon is the Organic Scottish Salmon which is fed a wild diet and is available at Kate's Fish and half of the price. I am half West Indian so I am always looking for King Fish which they have. The fish smells great. Never going to Giant Eagle for fish again! Halibut, Chilean Sea Bass, Black and Red Grouper. Snapper on deck and not the kind preserved with gas either. They also have Tilapia and Trout too... 

They keep several types of Oysters, escargot, mussels, Crab Legs, Black Tiger Shrimp, Prawns (Scampi), and fresh (never frozen) Pink Florida Shrimp, and Frozen Pink Florida Shrimp.

A little pricey, but hey, worth it to me.",5.0
"Delicious pho broth though skimpy on the fresh herbs.  Imperial spring rolls were a little disappointing. Not sure if it was the crab in them, but they tasted sort of eggy. Will definitely return for the combination pho and the bun bo hue.",4.0
"This was just incredible. More than I ever could have imagined. The Hoover Dam itself is an engineering feat, one of the nation's most impressive. It is an excellent symbol of how hard work and dedication built this country. The museum is also excellent and the staff is very friendly, efficient, and helpful. Security is kind of tight but that's because it's a federally managed property. If you ever go to Vegas be sure to visit Hoover Dam.",5.0
"Food and service was quite good.  Prices a little high but not unreasonable.  We had traditional spaghetti and meatballs, risotto of the day (vegetable and shrimp) and ravioli in sage-butter sauce.  The huge meatball was authentic Italian, the sage-butter sauce excellent and the risotto creamy and flavorful.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  The house Chianti was very good.  We will definitely go back again soon and try some of their more sophisticated meals, such as the veal saltimbocca.  When trying an Italian restaurant for the first time, we always start with basic meals, then work up to the more complex offerings.  Perhaps our next visit will boost the rating to 5 stars.  One observation, which is not uncommon in the Las Vegas area.  The wait staff, while extremely polite and attentive, frequently use ""you guys"" when addressing the table and respond with ""no problem"" instead of ""you're welcome"".  This is a very minor point, but it is what separates the service in a bistro from a restaurant.",4.0
"Walter and Alejandra have been fantastic in making my visit extremely memorable.

First and foremost, I was greeted by Walter at the door. He showed us to our table where our party was already settled. We had a party of about 12.

Anyways, the food choices were fantastic and the wine list was phenomenal.

I thoroughly enjoyed the placement of the food... but the FLAVOUR! It was exceedingly amazing!

I don't even know where to start the review... so I'll just cluster them by courses.

1st Course:
We had lots and lots of different appetizers. We had children with us so it was important that they would enjoy it, too.

2nd Course:
Salad. You can't mess this up. But Alejandra made it soooo delicious!

3rd Course:
Dinner. We chose different kinds from fish, chicken and meats. The adults enjoyed their meals and said many good things, but I was more interested on what the youngest of our party had to say, Braden.

""This was sooo good! My stomach can't fit any more!""

4th Course:
Dessert. I wish I made room for dessert! But nevertheless, Alejandra made them for us and I must say I didn't feel all gross after our gastric spectacular feast!

Walter and Alejadra are fantastic hosts and chef. I greatly recommend this for family outings, special events (please call them so they have a heads up and know how much to prepare!), or just a simple lunch/dinner with a special someone.


Note: I do wish to visit this place again when I am in the area just to verify the consistency of their foods. But from my own experience of growing up eating Italian food back in the east coast and frequenting NYC, this place was home away from home.


#bachelorcheftravels #bachelorchefrecipes",5.0
"Amazing food! The falafel was outstanding. Fried to perfection with a great crunch. The matzo ball soup was one of the best ever! It was a special, and indeed it was special. Enjoy the fried chicken, you can't go wrong. He place is, small so make a reservation.",5.0
"I think it's dumb how they won't let girls dance on top of the tables with the stripper poles on there... what's the point of having those poles, then? 
We went for Diplo, and it was a good show, but they needed way more bartenders for such a packed, busy Saturday night. The stage is set up weirdly, with no room to go sideways once you get to the front, and I hate how they block off the front from the DJ booth with a no-cross boundary fence thing.",4.0
"Meh.  The food is okay, it's really the location and the view you would come to OTB for.  Slightly pricey for the taste, I would probably only recommend this place if you wanted the view. I don't think it was that busy (maybe I'm wrong, maybe it was) but we had three servers try to bring us food that wasn't ours - THREE TIMES.  And this was after we'd been served.  If the food was good, it wouldn't have mattered, but it just seemed like the place was relying on their location to snag customers and not their food or service.  I don't think I'd go back.",3.0
Beautiful location. Always feels like vacation when you go. Food is typical bar food and service isn't always the best but when you go you feel like you have escaped everything.,4.0
"We had an amazing experience at Kinderland Cafe from beginning to end. I booked a 2 hour private slot for my son's first birthday party and I'm beyond glad that this is the place we chose. They did everything in their power to make things fun, easy and enjoyable for everyone. 
The play area suits so many age groups, this was the primary reason I chose them since it's nowhere near my home. I brought decor the day before the party and when I arrived most items where set up, there were no stragglers from the previous party and they were ready to get the ball rolling.
My guests couldn't have been happier and my family was beyond impressed. My son is so tuckered out from all the fun he's still asleep at 10am the next morning! Lol  We were never rushed towards the door when our time was up and I wasn't even rushed to pay my balance. The staff was kind, professional and the facility was cleaner than I could have ever imagined. 
My only nitpick would be that wish I would have booked a third hour since I had a few friends that were a little late and I wish they had ice cream scoops and a freezer but I couldnt nitpick about anything else.....Lord knows us yelpers try! Haha
Thank you Kinderland Cafe! I look forward to sending any business I can your way. You deserve to prosper since it seems like you folks have thought of just about everything!",5.0
"Every time I'm driving on the Eastside of town between 11-3 I try to stop in for a quick bite at Tacos El Gordo. The food is usually quick, although it can get very crowded at times. I love the Asada Quesadillas with everything on them. The Asada is much saltier than I would prefer but adding lime helps cut through it. 

El Gordo reminds me of getting street tacos in TJ or Baja when I was in high school. It's authentic and a couple years ago it would be a 4 star but the novelty of remembering my many trips to Mexico is starting to depreciate and the meat is tasting saltier than I remember. 

Overall if you want the real deal stop in and remember they have different lines depending on the type of meat you want so don't be the guy who stands around because he can't figure it out.",3.0
"Oh geez, where do I start.  I've heard so much hype about the tacos here and I was excited to finally make it to the Las Vegas Blvd. location to get some to go.  There was no parking so my bf dropped me off while he circled the parking lot.  As soon as I walked in, I was overwhelmed. It was like a crazy zoo with people just everywhere. It was hard to tell where to order as there were 6-8 lines.  I grabbed a tray and jumped into one of these lines. I was maybe the 15th person back so it was a bit of a wait.  When I finally got up to the window, the guy serving informed me that the meat I wanted, asada, was not available in that line and I needed to go to another line.  Actually, he kind of yelled all of this at me in Spanish and after going back and forth for a few minutes I finally understood his irritated frantic pointing to the signs taped to the glass in front of him.  Frustrated and defeated, I slowly made my way all to the way to the back of another line and waited and waited 15 more minutes.

Finally I got up to the front of the line and it was smooth sailing from here.  I ordered 3 asada, 3 chorizo, and 3 adobada.  Once I got the food, I didn't know what to do since they were on a plate on my tray and I needed them to go.  I must have looked like a lost puppy because one of the workers cleaning up the soda machine asked me if I needed help and with huge relief I said yes, I needed these to go.  So he directed me to the cashier and said she'd put them in a to go back for me after I paid.  Done and done! I got back in the car and we immediately started going to town on these bad boys. I must say, they were amazing and worth every frustrated minute of waiting in line.   Can't wait to go back and do it all over again, except this time, I know what line to get into!!",4.0
Seefu Yorkville is my all-time favourite salon for hair cuts. They cut my hair just the way I like it and they carefully listen to your requests. The hair washing felt so nice as well as the shoulder massage! + They're all really friendly!,5.0
"We went on a recent trip to Las Vegas.  The food was excellent, service was professional, and staff was courteous.  Everything was a la carte and the sides were very big as was the salad.  We got the market ribeye which were $68 each.  I've been to several high end steakhouses and this was as good as the rest.",5.0
"BEST STEAK HOUSE IN VEGAS

I've eaten here many times -- you can't get a bad meal and the service is amazing",5.0
"Hamra reset my five carat diamond wedding ring and my husband and I are VERY happy with their work.  Jered is the Senior Sales Associate who helped us and he did a spectacular job placing the stone in a newer setting which significantly increased the presentation of the diamond.   Hamra is a family-owned business and we like personally knowing and trusting our jeweler.  We highly recommend both Hamra and Jered.

Mary M.",5.0
"It's a decent sandwich that for the money is a very good deal. I had the cappicola. It was a perfect ratio of meat, cheese, fries, tomato and coleslaw. Very filling and decently tasty. This is not fancy food, just hearty sandwiches. Nothing more.",3.0
"Definitely a must when you're in the Pittsburgh area. This place is set up to represent the city of Pittsburgh, with good food served by good people at a good price point. I got the vegetarian option (the deluxe egg/cheese) and it hit the spot--and was surprisingly flavorful with the different sauces. The people I was with loved the options they got, and everyone left full (and possibly ready to take a nap). I'm personally a big fan of fries on anything, but as a heads up, the fries can get a bit soggy over time. 

Overall, as someone who's never had a huuuge craving for sandwich, i was pleasantly surprised by the great service and comfort food!",4.0
"My experience? It was great to start but ended with big disappointment.

When I found out about this place I was ecstatic because there's no izakaya in Phoenix area. Yes, there are sushi and fast-food type places but nothing like izakaya. So, just for that reason I gave it 5 stars. 

In our party we had 4 adults and a 19 month old baby. We sat at a table around 5:30pm and the service was soooooo slow it took about 4 hours to get all of our food. We left around 9:30pm. For that reason alone I deducted 2 points. 

Cooked food was pretty decent but sushi was not so fresh and tasteless. Sake was overpriced and beer was warm. So, i deducted another point. 

This place is also not kid friendly so minus another point. There was no crayons or anything to keep a child busy and there was no changing station in the bathroom either. Luckily the baby was well behaved and didn't get too agitated but other kids in the restaurant were screaming. 

We had to ask for our order numerous times and average service time took 20-30 min for each order. One of the dish we ordered was so salty we asked them to take it back. 

This places is very small with 3 waitresses and several cooks so you think they have this down but they seemed very confused and customer service was very poor. I understand this is a new establishment but hope they get their act straight so they don't disappoint more customers. 

So, where does that 1 star apply you say? Well, all else failed but the tonkotsu ramen was pretty darn good. LOL!",1.0
"The biggest positive is that it's position high up on a hill overlooking the desert with the city lights twinkling is magical.  Furthermore, the furnishings, art and decor in general are all very classy, warm and inviting.  It definitely makes an impression.

Our waiters were a tad cold and lacked that ability to make us feel welcome.  The food is the main reason for the 3 stars.  It's pretty good but not outstanding.  In other words, the cuisine here is not like Elements or the quality of Cafe Monarch.  I would even say that Quiessence was better cuisine even though I much prefer the atmosphere here.

Don't get me wrong, there is nothing wrong with the food here but we didn't walk away thinking that we had experienced a supremely talented chef.",3.0
"Incredible boutique hotel!  Close to museums and Cleveland Clinic.  Staff goes above and beyond to make sure that your stay is the best it can be.  Food catered by restaurant next door - excellent.  Upscale, pleasant atmosphere, peaceful neighborhood, friendly staff.... Experience can't be beat!",5.0
We had an excellent time . The individual operating the bumper cars was so sweet! We will be back !,5.0
"We ate here with my son and granddaughter back in early July.  The fruiti de mare was sooooo good that I told my wife that I wanted to have it for our 48th wedding anniversary!  Hopefully they will have an opening this Thursday afternoon so we can come back and 
I can have this dish to celebrate our anniversary!",5.0
"Food good, I was too late to get my favorite rib eye sandwich. Pizza and chicken strips. Awesome garlic bread.

Lurch for a waiter....
I've tried to give this place a second, third, fourth...chance. What was once my go to, is no more.",1.0
Jeff is super knowledgeable and professional. He answered all my questions and was able to give me a great price as a student to recover the data from my phone.,5.0
"I decided to give this place a try after reading about it on insauga.com as the #1 place to get wings in Mississauga. I tried two flavours, Interview with a Vampire (spicy garlic parmesan) and Kama Sutra (medium spice + ranch).

I LOVE Interview with a Vampire. I've had spicy gar par at many places before and this is definitely one of my favourites. Kama Sutra was disappointing. The sauce tasted watered down. I also had potato wedges with dill sauce, which was really good. The potato wedges had some seasoning on it that give it some flavour.

The service was great. Food arrived in a timely manner. Our server checked on us periodically (not too much and not too little). The ambiance is exactly what you would expect for a pub. It's not a fine dining environment but it's great for hanging out with some friends and having beer and wings.",4.0
"Overall, Luce is one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  Delicious food (the gnocchi was amazing), excellent wait staff, wonderful atmosphere.  If I was a ""playa"", I'd take my date here for the sure win in the restaurant category.

We were in town for the Charlotte Heroes Comic Con and stopped here for dinner.   When we walked in, I immediately felt under dressed.  Even though every other customer was in fully casual attire (more likely due to the nearby comic event), the restaurant immediately strikes you as an upscale, formal attire venue.  The decorating is simple, yet beautiful, with large white columns, soft romantic lighting and a big brass chandelier over the main dining area.   

Every single course was interesting, beautiful and delicious.  A bread basket with a variety of bread was brought with a small bowl of oil and cannelloni beans.  The bread as a bit on the hard side on the outside, but still very tasty and just filling enough to curb your appetite.  We ordered the calamari for an appetizer, which comes with fried calamari, topped with shredded and fried zucchini, with two different sauces for dipping.  We were both surprised by the shredded zucchini, but it was delicious and an excellent addition the crispy yet soft calamari.

For entrees I ordered the gnocchi, and my gf ordered the pesto.  They were both delicious.  The pesto had lots of flavor, with the pasta being soft and tender.  It was great.  Here's the thing though.  The gnocchi was so good, it almost ruined the pesto.   I've had a lot of Italian food, and tried gnocchi a few times.  Each time I've tried gnocchi, it's been prepared al-dente which imo has made it too much on the chewy side.  This gnocchi was soft.  Not mushy, but soft and the texture combined with the large chunks of fresh mozzarella  was wonderful.  The tomato based sauce it was in, was easily some of the best I'd ever had.  The flavor wasn't complex.  It was just the best of the flavors in tomato sauce, amplified.   It was not only the best gnocchi we'd ever had, it was one of the best Italian-style dishes I'd ever eaten.

For dessert we ordered the Semi-freddo.  It's a small sweet bit of ice cream with some sort of yummy nougat inside, with a few assorted fresh berries on the side.  It was tasty, and the flavors of the ice-cream and fresh berries mixed perfectly.

The restaurant isn't very large, but that only adds to charm and intimacy of the atmosphere.  The hostess was professional, and personable and sat us at a table out of the way.  Our waiter was polite and friendly (but not too friendly.  You know what I mean.).  It's important to note, that the entire wait staff was sharp, clean and well dressed.  None of that half-assed, ""I'm abiding by the dress code, but I really just rolled out of bed"" look.  I'm ok with that most times, but the wait staff of the night obviously put some effort into looking crisp, and it added to the high class feel of the place.  

In addition to looking and behaving posh and professional, the wait staff also managed to always be near enough to get you something if you needed it, but rarely so intrusive that they were a bother.  The small size of the restaurant and the number of staff hit the perfect balance of availability and perceived absence.  We never felt annoyed at their presence or lack thereof.

As for the price, well,  ""If you ain't got no 'monay, take yo broke ass home.""  (or to another, more fiscally friendly venue, whichever)",5.0
"Great food, free Wi-Fi, and friendly folks - can't beat it! Give the Mediterranean Egg White sandwich a try in the morning, great wake-up dish!",5.0
"This place has an interesting mix of a 'real restaurant' environment and McDonald-style self-service, with the plastic trays and everything. The food portions are big, and the meats are well-marinaded - I'd describe it as an above-average food court fare.",4.0
"NEWLY RENOVATED Buffet at Aria. For those who have eaten here in the past, Let's me tell you The Buffet at Aria has undergone a huge overhaul of its old buffet and it now looks better and fresher than before to try and compete with Wicked Spoon and most of all The Bacchanal Buffet. From what I read online, they spent nearly 3.5 millions to makeover their old buffet.

Here's a Full Steady HD Tour of the Newly Renovated  ""The Buffet"" at Aria that I recorded over the past weekend. or just go on youtube and type "" Newly Renovated Buffet at Aria.""

or click on the YouTube link below to watch my video that I recorded of the buffet

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYpILdqTXyI

The video was recorded during the dinner rush. 

It costs 40 bucks for dinner. 

This is the only buffet I believe to have Alaskan King Crab legs on the Strip. Even Bacchanal Buffet at Caesars Palace doesn't have King Crab Legs. They have a varieties of Sushi rolls to choose from. They even serve jumbo shrimp that I don't see at other buffets on the strip.

They even have a cool rotating Ice Cream Bar.

Overall, I have to say this Newly Renovated Buffet is definitely up to par with Wicked Spoon and Bacchanal Buffet.

Like I said above, If you guys want to see how the newly renovated buffet looks like I have recorded a HD video of the newly makeover Buffet at Aria:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYpILdqTXyI",4.0
"I did not stay here, just came for the casino. I don't see anything exceptional about this place. There's nothing really unique to distinguish it from other casinos. The neon sign is kind of cool, but there are neon signs everywhere! It's not even on the Strip- you have to take a shuttle. Technically, you could walk, but the path includes a major highway, so it's not like it would be pleasant or scenic stroll. If you're looking for a place to stay, I'd suggest spending a little more and staying on the Strip.",2.0
"The suite was nice.  The view was wonderful.  The employees and customer service were great.  The only problem was that music could be heard late at night.  We were on the 37th floor so I guess the music was coming from the Voodoo Lounge.  I guess this would not be a problem if this was our going out Vegas trip.  This trip was our relaxation, early show trip.  We still had an enjoyable time.  Love the Diamond Lounge here. The fact that the Rio offers a free shuttle to the strip is great!",3.0
"During a recent Vegas trip for Christmas/birthday celebrations, my husband and I stayed here with my in-laws. My in-laws chose this particular hotel because they have stayed here previously and wanted to go to the Rock of Ages show - which was playing here. We stayed three days and two nights during the week a few days prior to Christmas. (Side note: I would not recommend staying so close to Christmas because a lot of places were closed for the holidays.) Upon arrival, we drove around trying to find a place to park and check in. There was parking but it was on the opposite side of the check in area. So, we parked, then had to walk across the entire hotel before finding the check in. During this walk, many hotel workers stopped us trying to get us to gamble or upgrade or whatever. Finally, after checking in, we had to walk back to the car, drive all the way around to the parking for our specific room area (there are two areas for parking because there are two different towers for rooms). We parked, then had to wander through the hotel again before finding the elevators to our rooms. (Note: During our stay, the elevators went out of service so we had to use the escalators. Then the escalators went out of service, so we had to use the previously not-working elevators. Not sure what was going on, but it became confusing.) The rooms were fine - nothing fancy. They smelled funky - like cigarettes and mouthwash. Overall, it was okay. The location is off the strip but they do have shuttles to the strip (to other hotels owned by whoever owns The Rio). Not sure if I'd come back, as there are much nicer places to stay while in Vegas, but it got the job done during this particular trip.",3.0
"I drive from DC Ranch area to see the staff at Artistic Dental. They are super friendly, professional, punctual, and don't push extra products on me. I've referred numerous new-Arizonians to this place.",5.0
So don't believe the guys in the street who give you the bracelet and tell you it's a free admission bracket you still have to pay but you get a free drink which isn't bad. They play good music. Two fights did break out with the first hour we were there though.,3.0
"skip the food... but come for the drinks...we did eat there... the food was your standard tex mex, nothing digusting but pretty pricey... They charged for the chips and salsa to start your meal... The Freda drink was fantastic! It was made with fresh blackberries... Also If you're planning on splitting the check , they won't do it... so make sure to have cash and a calculator, after all those drinks who can count?!? lol",3.0
Solid little restaurant for a quick pick me up.  I do not understand the baby tacos that i have been experiencing at a lot of these types of restaurant.  They are literally the size of a dollar and cost 2. The price for what you get IS NOT WORTH IT. I think I said this about another taco place that I experienced.   The taste is great but just not into food that does not feel me up or is not bigger than the palm of my hand.,3.0
"Nothing to rave about except that they have a lot of out door seating. We didn't eat anything but had a few drinks on a lazy Saturday afternoon and found that it is a good spot for people watching (if you sit outside). We had to go find our waitress twice, which was annoying, but whatever, not a big deal. Pretty basic and typical.",3.0
"2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 58/100

Dining at Gordon Ramsay Steak was what I was most looking forward to on my most recent trip to Las Vegas. Fortunately, Chef Ramsay did not disappoint! Post-vacation, I still believe that our date night at Gordon Ramsay Steak was my favorite part of our weekend getaway!

GR Steak is located inside the Paris Hotel, right in the middle of the casino at the front of the hotel. The seating hostesses/kiosk are actually right outside of the restaurant, and I don't think they let you in unless you have a reservation or they're ready to take you inside.

We had made a reservation several months in advance, although I don't think you need to wait THAT long to reserve ahead of time. When you first enter, you are in a cylindrical tunnel that serves as the restaurant bar. Apparently it is supposed to represent the London Tube, and represents you traveling from Paris (the hotel) into England, GR's homeland.

While waiting for our table to be setup, they had seated us at the bar. After about a 5-10 minute wait, we were finally seated at our table, kind of off to the side near the kitchen/bathrooms.

I was kind of surprised at how busy/noisy it was in the restaurant. I knew it would be popular with GR's name tacked onto it, but it was a lot bigger and noisier than I had expected. Not a super intimate, romantic date nice restaurant. More trendy and lively.

Service was EXCELLENT at GR Steak! Our waiter, Freddy, was awesome. He came out and introduced himself, and then provided us with an iPad 2 that had the entire drink menu on it. It was really awesome because it showed photos of each mixed drink, the list of ingredients, etc. Then it had the beer and wine list as well. The last tab consisted of a photo and biography of Gordon Ramsay.

They also had a tasting menu, complete with autographed keepsake photo of Gordon Ramsay, but it looked pretty heavy and was also very expensive so we opted out of it. Freddy wheeled around a cart to our table and explained all of the different cuts of meat. Very informative and I loved the visual display. Freddy's speech was a bit scripted, but he said it with a smile and was very polite and well-mannered, which I really enjoyed! The guy who brought out our food/bussed our table was also super friendly and very courteous! Excellent service as well.

What we ordered:

--BREAD--
Ok, I had to mention this because they give you four types of bread with this butter that supposedly has volcanic salt on it, and omg, this is probably some of the best bread and butter I've ever had at a restaurant. All 4 types were incredible and I felt like I almost got full just from the bread! AND when the guy packed our to-go boxes, he packed us a fresh batch of new bread and butter! SO AWESOME!

--DRINKS--
PIMMS CUP: 
Wasn't a huge fan. I was interested because it had Pimms lemonade but it didn't taste that great. Also I felt like it had too much stuff added into it, like different slices of fruit and mint leaves.

WYDERS PEAR CIDER:
The description literally said it would give a pleasant ticklish kick. Definitely did!

--STEAKS--
BEEF WELLINGTON:
So, I basically felt obligated to order this because I knew Beef Wellington is Chef Ramsay's signature dish. I've never had Beef Wellington before so I wasn't exactly sure what to expect. I really loved the flakiness of the crust, and it blew my mind how it wasn't soggy at all! The meat was soft and delicious. I could also taste the lining of foie gras and that was pretty interesting. I didn't LOVE the foie gras but I thought it was good.

KOBE FILET MIGNON:
My boyfriend decided to YOLO and go with the Kobe filet mignon. Pricey, but totally worth it! I had a piece and omg, that was some melt in your mouth steak! He could not get over how good it was and said it was the best steak he's ever had. Excellent!

--SIDE DISH--
TRUFFLE MAC N CHEESE:
I LOVE me some truffles AND mac n cheese, so this was a winner! Super ooey gooey and cheesy, just the way I like it!

--DESSERT--
STICKY TOFFEE BREAD PUDDING WITH BROWN BUTTER ICE CREAM: OMG, this was SO FREAKING GOOD! I was really sad that I didn't finish mine because I was already so full...but seriously, I was in love with this dessert. I would go back JUST for the dessert. Interestingly enough, I thought that the ice cream was much sweeter than the sticky toffee pudding. They complimented each other very well and it was great! Highly recommend!

Overall I think my boyfriend spent around $250. TOTALLY WORTH IT! I would come back again for sure! :) Great job, Chef Ramsay and staff!",5.0
"I have to be very honest. I am dumbfounded by all of the great reviews. We went to celebrate a birthday. First, the dining room and the upstairs rooms are loud, and lack any ""charm"" or comfortable setting feeling. It's loud downstairs and upstairs it's like you're eating in someone's closet. It gets worse.

It's expensive, $66 for a ribeye steak, not atypical for Las Vegas, but at this price range and supposedly reputation of Gordon you expect a great steak. NOT!  Medium well came rare. Oh, and it followed the other two guests dinner by five minutes because of some unknown reason. Nothing worse than sitting there not having your food and having your guests waiting to eat theirs because you don't have yours yet.  

Baked potato. Pretty simple preparation. Our $10 big potato came with five marble sized black areas inside the potato. Obviously it was spoiled or bruised or something. We asked the waiter and he said, ""oh, that's sometimes typical"". Really, I've been eating potatoes most of my life and I've never seen one with five large black spots in it. The correct response should've been, ""i'm sorry, let me get you a new one immediately"".

By the way, we never saw our waiter, our original waiter from the time he took the order only until he presented the bill. We had to flag down others.

The other meals, a steak and ahi tuna were OK, nothing special, but nothing special to warrant the high prices. If you're going to charge $50 and up for an entre, make it a $50 entre.

I've never eaten in a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. And I WON'T ever again.

He's got a captive audience at the Paris Hotel and perhaps the vast majority of people, as evidenced by the ratings, are OK with a mediocre experience and food. Sad ...

So many BETTER choices in Las Vegas. If you want a GREAT steak and experience, go to Morton's or Capital Grill.",1.0
"Foremost, you may wish to consider requesting a booth upstairs. These over-sized, semi-circular areas allow for a much more intimate experience. It was the consensus of our party that it seemed to block noise ... and it also allowed for a nice overview of the vibrant, beautiful establishment.

Additionally, set aside about ninety-minutes for this experience (if you invest in multiple courses). And, let me assure you, it is well worth your time. (Seriously, relish this time away from the cheesy chaos of Vegas). 

Now, our server was the absolute best. (I wish I could remember his name!) He was charming, warm, knowledgeable, and attentive. (The ""meat lecture,"" complete with rolling visual-aids, was fascinating ... trust me, you will enjoy it!) While everyone in my party ordered these lovely pieces of meat, I am a vegetarian (and did not want to spoil anyone's night out). When I told the server, he did not blink (or scoff), instead, he immediately accommodated me (he set me up with a beautiful beet salad and a variety of sides that were the equivalent of a hearty meal). This amazing man also assisted us in selecting the perfect beer to accompany our entrees (the Fin du Monde was simply spot-on). This culinary genius also selected the perfect sauce for each entree ... without hesitation or pretense. 

Each person raved about his/her experience. One person literally said it was the first time in months that someone genuinely got ""medium rare"" right. And, while no one was a bit hungry, we still had to try the sticky toffee pudding. Now, if you have had the push-up pops at BurGr and thought you experienced the ""real deal,"" you have not. The push-up pops are fun (we enjoyed those), but this was AMAZING! The interplay of hot and cold is essential to the enjoyment of this dessert ... try it, you will agree.

In essence, the food was delicious. But, in complete honesty, it was this server that made our experience ""five-stars."" He was not pretentious (as we suspected may happen here and were entire wrong about), he was not ""pushy,"" he was not dismissive ... he was a professional, super nice, sweetheart who literally made our night! (And, we are still talking about him two weeks later!)

Know that this is an experience, not just ""a meal."" Instead of throwing money into a slot machine, why not spend it here, bonding with family and friends. 

Chef Ramsay has certainly created a bastion of sanity in an otherwise crazy place! Thank you so much for that! We will never forget our visit to Gordon Ramsay Steak.",5.0
"Great food. Plan to be here awhile, as cook time seems to take a bit. Also should plan to spend a pretty penny- we ordered two steaks and one side + gratuity was $160+. Service was good.",4.0
"Ich war letztes Jahr in der Rock'n'Roll Hall of fame und ich muss sagen, meine Erwartungen wurden bertroffen!!! Obwohl es nicht unbedingt ein riesiges Gebude ist, gibt es darin so viel zu entdecken, dass wir uns einen ganzen Tag dort aufhalten konnten, ohne, dass es auch nur eine Minute langweilig wurde. Von den vielen originalen Ausstellungsstcken, z.B. das Schlagzeug von Van Halen oder die Gitarren von ZZ Top oooder auch eine ganze Ecke rund um die Rolling Stones (die mir besonders gut gefallen hat) bis hin zu vielen Filmslen, in denen sie Videos rund um die Hall of Fame und frhere Musik-Fernsehshows bringen und einem groen Kinosaal, in dem den ganzen Tag Konzerte laufen (z.B. Bruce Springsteen, Simon and Garfunkel, Tina Turner etc. etc.). 
In der Halle kann man auch Mittag essen, obwohl man dazu vor lauter Eindrcken fast nicht kommt. :-)
Im Erdgeschoss ist, kurz vor dem Ausgang, ein groer Fanshop, in dem man z.B. relativ preiswert T-Shirts von Bands oder der Rock'n'Roll Hall of Fame ergattern kann ABER z.B. auch Schallplatten, CD's, Bcher  und andere bliche Souvenirs. Ich habe mir selbst zwei T-Shirts fr ca. 50$ der Hall of Fame gekauft und muss sagen, ein super Material, ein schner Frauenschnitt und auch nach mehrmaligem Waschen sehen sie immer noch neu aus. Ich bin voll und ganz zufrieden.

Ich kann die Hall of Fame wirklich jedem Rock'n'Roll Fan wrmstens empfehlen!!!",5.0
"I love this place! I often bring my 4 year old and 2 year old here and they always have a great time! They love the playtown as well as the art and puzzle rooms. 

They sell snacks and drinks for very reasonable prices which is a nice plus.

There are also several pricing options -- punch cards, one time passes, yearly memberships which I appreciate.

The new owners are super nice and friendly. They always take the time to make parents and kids feel welcome.

They have recently started offering special activities such as storytime, art classes, etc. as well. 

I took my older daughter to the princess tea party which she absolutely loved. There was a princess on hand to make balloon animals, lead the girls in dances, and paint faces. There were also princess themed activities as well as lots of delicious food that parents and kids could both enjoy. 

My daughter and I are both hoping they will have another princess tea party soon!!",5.0
"Love this place for a quick bite at lunch time or on the weekend. Great food, good service with character. Good prices. Be sure to check out the specials calendar each month for fun promotions like free hotdog today if your name is Dan or Diane and awesome daily specials on food. Also they carry some Midwest soda a lot of people here in vegas have never had.",5.0
I used to go into this beauty supply all the time. They stopped carrying the supplies I need and then told me they would order what I needed. Didn't happen. What's worse? They only allow you to bring your phone or wallet into the store or they require you to lock up your purse. They actually locked me into the store today and an employee followed me around the store. I'm a licensed professional! I don't need to steal anything that you don't carry. The owners need to come up with a different strategy for running this business without making customers feel unwelcome and unappreciated. I will not be returning. I'm dusting my sandals at the door. Goodbye!,1.0
"The good part is that you can bring your food in. The bad parts are: tables are shaky, makes a great prerequisite to spill your & your friends  beers. In the winter the back door never closes so it's the same as sitting outside  temperature  wise. The place is dark & dirty- this can be a great start to create an awesome  cozy/friendly atmosphere  but it doesn't.",2.0
Paddy and Manager Paul are awesome! I initially started frequenting Cracker Barrel for the southern cafeteria style food - though I must admit it is more than pleasant  to receive good customer service as a side dish to my meal -  like the kind that I received from Paddy (server) and Paul (Manager) yesterday. Nothing is better but I hear the pecan pie gives it  good chase...,5.0
"Absolute Assault on Otherwise Innocent Food!!!!!

What more, beyond the title, can I say?  The menu is unimaginative, especially for Vegas, and the food execution lacks depth of flavor and attention to protein temperature.  Every single dish (eight in total) was over cooked and underneath that failure of temperature was an embarrassing selection of D-grade meats.

Not even the poor choice of sake is worth the calorie consumption.  

Vegas opened a new Taco Bell with a DJ!!!!  Settle for that.",1.0
"My favorite Thai restaurant in AZ!! This place has a drive thru to pick up your food!! This is so convenient when doing take out!  Friendly  owners and staff. You can customize dishes by meat (chicken, beef, shrimp, tofu) and by spiciness. Favorites are: 

-Paht Kee Mow with chicken noodle dish mixed with stir fry variety of sprouts, carrots, onion, and broccoli. 
-red curry with chicken with bamboo shoots, broccoli and other veggies.
-seasonal mango over sweet sticky rice and coconut milk to dress the whole thing for a sweet treat!",5.0
"It really depends on who you chef is, but every time we go in we have a great time!  Wife had the chicken and I had the filet, both were very good.  I've read some people say it not the best they have had, but I don't think Kabuto tries to be upper class.  This is a casual steak house, as long as you know that going in, I think you will really enjoy it.  Go with as many people as you can, the more you have, the more fun you will have!",4.0
"SInce posting my review on 12/1/15, Tide found my items (the 2 suits, plus 2 dresses I had not yet noticed was gone).  I'm updating my review because as I said in my prior post I had no problems before with this cleaner, and I did like it because its close to my house and the people are friendly (unlike another cleaner that is near my house).  In any event, I will likely return as they did give me a $40 credit for the trouble (and did not charge for the lost/found items), and it was probably just an oversight to begin with.  I will get a count on my clothes next time.  Thanks Tide for finding my items!",4.0
They charged me for 3 extra pieces of clothing that were not in my order. They will not make it right and management/owner will not return calls. I bet they make a lot of $$ by scamming a couple extra pieces on larger bills because most of the time you don't even check the ticket. SHAME!,1.0
"Came here twice in one day... literally hours apart!

first time we came just got pick up some doubles because we had a craving and we were really happy with their service! Not the mention the doubles tasted amazing.

While we were there we looked at the menu and decided what we did want to come back for.
We usually go to the location down in scarborough so it was nice to know one closer to me was now open.

So we came back to this plaza to get dinner only to be disappointed by the location we visited so we decided to go back to where we were happy.

This time around we dined in, i got the goat boneless small roti and my fianc got the regular chicken roti - mild of course.

We were both happy with the portion size and flavour it, totally gave me my fix for west indian food!

we definitely will be back again!",5.0
"Just an hour swim- kind of busy,  but it a day off from school and probably lots of people (church or daycare)  groups were there too.   It's still a fun spot to check out,  specially if you have little ones.   Tons of lifeguards and they mean business so listen to the whistles.   We like the indoor slide and lazy river feature.",4.0
Delicious and just what I needed when fighting a cold. Tasted like they melted down a whole cow in the best way possible.,5.0
Real sushi is from real Japanese people... Amazing service and yummiest food ever. Dont waste your time and health anywhere else. You get hooked on.,5.0
Great pizza!  The dough was perfect!  As soon as I walked in the place I knew I'd be back. It's a must try!,5.0
"I thought of going down to 4 stars for the coffee (it isn't great), but  the amazing breakfast specials and great food definately make up for it. The service was excellent as well.",5.0
"I love breakfast, so when my friend brought me here I was excited! For such a small place, it sure has an extensive menu with a lot of choices! This restaurant reminded me of the small country kitchens you might see in the movies where there are a lot of regulars, and everyone knows each other's name and what they like. I had the biscuits and gravy, and it was fantastic! Not too salty, and just the right amount of gravy over the huge biscuits. Our server was sweet and very attentive without being overbearing. I will definately be coming back!",4.0
"Most criticisms for the pizza usually revolve around Midwest sensibilities of how pizza should be. Courthouse is New York Style - the way it's supposed to be (the only other legitimate claim Is Sicilian/Mediterranean as far as authenticity). Chicago has deep dish, but it's a myth that they like deep dish. They prefer thin, NY style as well. They only eat the deep dish pizza when their friends and family come to visit for ""something Chicago"". Lost between Manhattan and Chicago is us where we came up with something in-between the two and it became the norm and default, which is the same reason frozen and franchise pies resemble this as well. In my opinion, this place is great; it's acceptable NY style pizza.",5.0
Great little Greek sandwich spot in Az. Gyros are very tasty and the fries with feta cheese was delicious. Love the Greek music playing in the backround! Every thing on the menu comes with free chicken rice soup and lentil soup and both are made fresh daily. Prices are under 10 dollars! Definitely going back!,4.0
"Ich hatte einen Hawaii BBQ Sandwich, der wirklich lecker war. Die kurze Wartezeit fr die Zubereitung und der fr Vegas gnstige bis durchschnittliche Preis gehen fr die Qualitt in Ordnung.",4.0
"So this place was REALLY hyped up for me since we had a friend that loooooves this place; it lived up to the hype thankfully!

Earl is located in the Miles mall of Planet Hollywood. Their bread is made slightly undercooked so that it cooks and toasts fully when the sandwich goes through the conveyor oven with all the filling. Everything was really really good; the bread was always perfectly toasted and piping hot. 

We ate:
Hawaiian: A little too salty, will not get again
Full Montagu: REALLY GOOD!
Earl's Club: Friends said really good
The Original: Also good

Get the full montagu and earl's club definitely. 2 mornings in a row we got the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich too - really really good. They serve breakfast until 11, but you can get the other sandwiches any time you want. 

The kona coffee they serve is also pretty good :). We will be back!!!",5.0
"Why hello Holiday Sandwich, we are reunited once again! I wish there were more locations, especially back home in California! 

I first discovered Earl of Sandwich when I was at Downtown Disney in Florida a couple years ago and have been a huge fan since. The closest one to me is at Downtown Disney in California so I was excited to hear there was an Earl of Sandwich during my recent Las Vegas trip. 

I'm a huge fan of holiday sandwiches and this sets the bar for future holiday sandwiches I will try. It not only comes with the usual turkey and cranberry sauce but also STUFFING. Now that's what I call a holiday sandwich. I was so disappointed when I didn't see the holiday sandwich on the menu when I was at Earl of Sandwich in California only later discovering it's available year round. I'll never make that mistake again! 

Anyways, I ordered my usual holiday sandwich again and it didn't disappoint! This is a smaller location than the ones I've been to but the sandwiches are just as yummy! I also got a chocolate chip cookie to go with my meal. It was super chocolate-y and chewy. 

There's something for everyone here, from sandwiches, to salads, to wraps. The bread always tastes freshly baked too. Early of Sandwich is definitely living up to their claim of being the ""World's Greatest Hot Sandwich.""

P.S. Don't forget to order the Earl Gray Lemonade.",4.0
"Hard to review this place.  I'd like to give it a 3.5

For what it is, a fast paced sandwich joint, its very good, deserves a 4, but for being a must go to destination on the vegas strip, only a 3.  

Went here for a quick lunch.  I ordered the hawaiian bbq, and my friend ordered the carribean jerk.  Both sandwiches were very good, decent size, good price, and nice and warm.

If your looking for a quick lunch and by the miracle shops, try it out.",3.0
Yummy I really really really liked their bread! That made a huge difference! I had the Caribbean jerk sandwich and I couldn't say what I didn't like about it. It is also fast and cheap. My friends recommended all American as well.,4.0
"Alright my very first review! And what a way to start it off with this place. I'm a big time sandwich girl and earls is the best I've ever had....so far. I got the Caribbean jerk chicken and it was deeee-lish! I went to the location at the planet Hollywood las Vegas. Everything about the sandwich was amazing up until the very last bite. I craved it so much, that when I got back home to SD I went straight to panera just to fulfill my cravings. I hope one will open up in SD soon!",5.0
"If you had to eat at only 1 place in Las Vegas, this would be it.  Located conveniently in Planet Hollywood, it's the best $5.99 (add $2.99 if you want a cup of soup) you'll spend in Vegas.   I am so in love with Earl of Sandwich (and I've eaten there only twice) I'm questioning whether I have enough funds to open my own franchise.   But it's just a sandwich you say?  Yes, it is, but it is totally delicious.  The sandwiches come wrapped in gold foil, and it's like a hot little brick, all ready for your consumption.",5.0
best sandwhich in vegas...must try...italian is the best by far....,5.0
"Remarkably reasonably priced sandwich (sub-$8) inside a strip casino, but unremarkable in flavor and not worth the typical long lines for it during the times you normally want a sandwich.

By the south end of Planet Hollywood, there can be lines that snack across the long hallway to the shop entrances.  You stand in line, make a choice from the dozen or so sandwiches and then pay at the other end of the counter.

It comes out toasty and warm, and large enough to quell hunger pangs, but the meat - which mostly why you choose that particular sandwich - can be dry and chewy.

But a plus is a plus, and the price, speed that you get your toasty sandwich, and people watching can be worth it.",3.0
"I talked to gun salesman about getting a 22 semiautomatic. I first looked at the Ruger SR22.  I explained that I wanted one that I could use snake shot loads in. He pointed me to the Sig Mosquito. I had researched 22 handguns a couple years back and remember some 22's had issues which I asked about. He told me the Mosquito would be a good gun and didn't have those issues so I bought it. The next day I look at the reviews and everything said they had problems with lots of ammo. I'm sure Snake shot will be one of them and of course I can't find CCI mini-mags anywhere which is the recommended ammo. I feel I must have had sucker written on my forehead and he lead me to a gun they have trouble selling. I'll never buy a gun from Cabelas again, or will make darn sure I don't do an impulse buy and research it heavily before hand. Also found it interesting that I didn't get an owners manual or any of the things that Sig says comes standard with their Mosquito's. Only got the gun, magazine and a standard case without a lock. Maybe it's how Sig's come. My Ruger's came in a form fitting case with an owners manual, quick load and lock.",1.0
"Very tasty food and friendly staff,  tried the six (braised beef tongue with truffle mayo) and it was one of the best sandwich i had for a while ,,,,,
I will try to go back next week....",5.0
I like this store more than any other discount stores. I have found it to be the cleanest and friendliest store around. I like that it is next to Target and that I can just walk the whole block and hit almost ebery store in the strip.,4.0
"I had been here before when it was the century rooms. That was awhile ago so the only thing I can think that has change is that maybe they have extended the rear.

I never used to like it back then but now the music and crowd just seem better. It is a fun night out, the staff are friendly although the bouncers will push for the occasional favour if you want to get in really late. 

United just scored while i was writing this view. Great times.",4.0
"Sonic is Sonic. I grew up without one and lived my whole life until age 19 without one. I'm alive, I'm well, and I'm pretty sure I still see it as another fast food chain and nothing too entirely special. Call me crazy, I'm just not freaking out about it. 

I've only ever had food from Sonic once and that wasn't here, so I can't include that in my review. What I can say is that our service was pretty standard. Nothing horrible and nothing spectacular. Our slushies were great, too. Well, I can only speak for mine. The boyfriend was doped up from getting his wisdom teeth out, so everything was great to him. 

Overall, no complaints and while I'm not excited beyond belief for this addition to the exciting Mayfield Road, I am pretty ok with it. Maybe I'll soon be as enthusiastic as everyone else seems to be!",3.0
"Muy bien!  I recently ate at Momocho while on business to Cleveland.  Excellent food, especially their taquitos and Tecate.  A cool atmosphere and a blast during Happy Hour!  Definitely consider this restaurant one of Cleveland's best.",4.0
"We love the ""flights"" of guac and margarita sampler. Been here a few times, and most of their fresh take on mexican food are winners. A few of their dishes have little flavor. They just need to expand their operation so it's closer! Highly recommend! Will be going back.",4.0
"I went in here wearing shorts and a camo t-shirt, and although I was pretty damn drunk,  I still felt alittle out of place.  Lots of people dressed in suits and dresses chanel, gucci, da dolce, and gabana.  Vegas is getting alittle too fancy brah!",3.0
"Great room, got the terrace suite. Had two bathrooms a kitchen and a living room separate from the bed room. Plenty of space if you want to entertain random people from the clubs. What I thought was great is that you can actually go out on the balcony! Had a great view of the billagio fountains. Other hotels I have been to have the balcony locked, I guess they are afraid of jumpers. There are many clubs in the area we ended up at haze after bouncing from club to club. Pauly d was the dj witch was pretty cool. Valet service was great although they did not want to take my truck initially on account of my friend puked all over it on they way there. Thats a whole other story.... But all in all great place to stay would love to go back without puke face. Its also worth noting that they have a secret pizza kitchen! Call room service for the best pizza on the strip!",5.0
"Possibly the worst guest experience I've had at a hotel. We were in Vegas for a bachelorette over the weekend and several flights got delayed out of NYC due to bad weather. We're all exhausted and the individual who's name the reservation is under is on a very delayed flight - scheduled to get in at 1AM PST (4PM our local time). She had called earlier to add our name to the reservation, but was told she needed to call Orbitz to do so and they wouldn't allow it. 

We get to the hotel and are not allowed to check in. I ask for options to get comfortable (so many hotels offer showers for travelers who can't check in right away) and I'm told my only option is to book another room for the night. Seriously?! You want me to pay for another room because you won't let me check into the one we already booked?!

What would have happened if the reservation booker's flight got cancelled or rebooked for later in the weekend (which happened to some members of our party)? Their policy would have left us homeless. For being in the hospitality business, the individuals at the Cosmo are the least helpful/hospitable hotel workers I've met. 

On top of that, the maid of honor spent time linking our rooms and requested we be on the same floor. Individuals who arrived earlier even confirmed they'd be guaranteed despite the late check in. The rooms we received were on 3 separate, floors, 2 different elevator banks. 

Our check in fiasco was probably the only scar on an otherwise fun/pleasant weekend, but it's something I won't forget soon. The room was comfortable and we had a nice view, but frankly, you can find that anywhere. Go somewhere else where they value customer service a bit more.

TLDR: Book a different hotel. Seriously. It'll save you time/headache and I'm sure the front desk individuals will be much more accommodating.",2.0
"Love the hotel....staff is outstanding and so helpful. Rooms are very nice especially when you get an upgrade. One bedroom suites are HUGE!
Location is great...hotel is in the middle of everything! 
Can't ask for a better VEGAS Hotel.",4.0
"I really wanted to give this hotel five stars but there were so many elements about my room that needed to be addressed.

The carpet had ketchup ground into it and the cushions on the balcony had very obvious ""adult"" bodily fluid stains. I couldn't figure out why there was a dishwasher but no dishes to wash. It seemed like a random thing to add just to have it there. 

The maid service was subpar with the maid knocking on my door three times within one hour after I checked into the room because 1. She forgot shampoo (later I realized she just gave me more shower gel and still no shampoo), 2. She forgot one of my pillows, 3. She wanted to make sure some guy didn't leave his jacket in the room. 

Granted, the room was superficially beautiful and large but past the service it was pretty meh. The casino and hotel itself is gorgeous and a mix of glam and modern.",4.0
"This place is fantastic. They have the whole package - excellent service, food, and atmosphere.

The service is attentive, proficient, prompt, courteous, and graceful. We had exactly what we needed right when we needed it.

The food is delicious - the variety of food they offer is just right and the steaks are perfect. I had the prime rib, which was soaked in au jus. Plain and simple yet perfectly tender and flavorful. The Italian wedding soup is also fantastic.

The atmosphere is wonderful for a romantic dinner. Dimly lit, spotless white tablecloths and server uniforms, brick walls, and no detail unaccounted for.

Head's up - it's up the escalator straight ahead/slightly to the right beyond the slots when you enter The D from Fremont.",5.0
"Ate here with a group of 5 people total, and start to finish was very impressed with the place. All items came out accurately and within a reasonable amount of time. I personally had the giant meatball appetizer and it is highly recommended. For my meal I opted for the NY strip and it was very good, albeit slightly overcooked per my medium rare request. The zip sauce was great too BTW. Overall a great vibe and outstanding service.",4.0
"I came here for a quick pedicure after hiking nearby mountain, and was in need of some pampering. This place was immediately available and closest from where I parked to carpool for hiking.

Walking in, I saw pedi stations on the right and noticed on plastic liners.  I was quite pleased with cleanliness of this place.  Everything including floor was clean and they used tools out of sanitized packet (as they are supposed to do).

I went hiking and had a drink at lunch, so I was tired and dozed off several times as my tech worked on my pedi and massage. Massage chair was comfortable and I was totally relaxed for nice one hour.

They do have 20% off Yelp check in offer but only valid on weekday.",4.0
We've been back since our unfortunate incident and I'm happy to say that it's back to being our favorite ramen spot (:,5.0
"was an alright ramen place, lots of hype here",3.0
"I stopped in to get take out .  The restaurant was totally empty,  I should have taken that as a sign. I asked the girl at the counter to tell me what was in a dish.  She directed me to look at the picture as if she had something to do other than to gossip with her friend.  After the wait we got the food home & it was very bland & unsatisfying.  The teriyaki chicken sauce was like water (very thin).  They sent a couple of spoonfuls of chicken for our lettuce wraps.  If we had sat in we would have at least got a small box full of meat .  The cabbage in the lo mein wasn't cooked properly.  Just an unsatisfactory time, which began with awful customer service.  I guess you have so many customers you can afford to treat them crappy.",1.0
"Firstly, I have an important confession to make. I'm quite a drunkard. So, living in Phoenix, it is quite difficult for me as cab fare can be quite expensive, and cops are ready to pounce on foolish prey like me. So, last weekend, my best friend and I decided to have a weekend of debauchery and book a room at Hotel Indigo. I've heard my friends raving over it, so I said to myself, ""Why not?"" I'm glad that I decided to. 

From the minute I stepped in, I loved the abstract interior. Hotel Indigo isn't conventional, and I loved that. Another thing that I loved is how inexpensive it is, compared to many other hotels. We were fairly close by to the clubs, and if not, cab fare was inexpensive if we wanted to go to a club that is further down in Old Town. The only gripe I had in my room was the AC seemed to not work that well. However, all in all, I had a great experience. 

The breakfast that I added in to our hotel room deal was marvelous. My friend and I had fun talking to the guys behind the counter, and when my friend inquired about the theme behind Hotel Indigo, he explained that the paintings are all symmetrical, abiding by Da Vinci's reccuring theme in his paintings. I actually am considering coming back to eat their food. Yummy. 

I will definitely return to Hotel Indigo when I'm too drunk to drive home to Chandler.",4.0
"I used to like this place but unfortunately India Palace has slowly gone down hill. Waaaay down hill. Plus as I  learned, they have zero loyalty to their customers who eat there fairly regularly. Last night was the last straw. In fact my meal was like chewing straw and inedible. I ordered the Bhindi Masala which is a vegetable okra dish. I have had this several times before but tonight the okra was so tough that if I were to actually swallow it (rather than spit it out in my napkin-sorry gross but true) I guarantee my throat would have been scratched. Also our Roti bread was burned.Not once did anyone check to see how our meals were. When the waitress offered me a box for the uneaten meal at the end , I declined and explained the situation: I have had this dish before but it was like chewing wood shavings (explained it nicer than that) and she just said ok and brought us the bill with no offer to either replace it with another item or take it off the bill like 99.9% of establishments would do. So, they have lost our business and managed  to tick off a yelper over a VERY simple customer service issue.",2.0
"I'm a big fan of in-and-out car washes. I don't like wasting time, and nothing is faster than All Washed Up. Fully automated, just pull in, a quick wash, and out you go. They provide facilities for interior cleaning via coin op vacuums and shampooers, which can be helpful in the event of an unexpected mess.",4.0
Last Saturday was the first time we'd ever been here and honestly we hadn't planned to go there.  We were walking by and heard the music and it was so awesome that we just had to pay the $7 cover to get in.  There was a huge dance floor and it was packed with all different types of people.  The dj was THE BEST!  I wish I knew who he was so I could follow him.   We will definitely be back to Whisky River next time we're in Charlotte!,5.0
"I've seen a few Michael Jackson tribute shows and have been mildly entertained by them and in some cases left my head shaking.  Michael Jackson ONE blows them all away!  After a few mediocre shows on the Strip (BeLIEve, Viva Elvis, Zarkana), this is Cirque du Soliel's comeback to brilliance.

Whether or not you're a fan of Michael Jackson, I'm pretty sure you'll be thoroughly entertained.  It's not like a pure Cirque du Soleil production like KA, Mystere, or O, but it's more in the realm of a tribute show like LOVE was for the Beatles, where the focus is mainly on the music, choreography, and vision inspired my Michael Jackson.

A few highlights of note:

- Make sure you make it to your seat before curtain call so you can get to see some of the pre-show activities.

-The music has been totally remastered in which the instrumentation sounds brand new and follows the dance routines very well.  Like the LOVE theater, the seats have front and rear speakers to totally immerse you into the show.

- The choreography is very well done!  You actually start cheering on the dancers when you see many of MJ's signature moves and routines.

- The stage is pretty awesome with wall-to-wall projections along with some 3D holograms. --  http://bit.ly/1oXQifY

I can go on and on about ONE, but I'd be giving away too much.  Right now, this IS my favorite Vegas CdS show.  It blew my mind!  And it also got me a little misty-eyed simply because this is probably the closest thing I'll ever get to a Michael Jackson live performance.  And like what other Vegas shows like Beatles LOVE and Elton John's Red Piano, it rekindled my interest in Michael Jackson's music and had me listening to his songs weeks later!  I would definitely see ONE again for sure!",5.0
"MJ:One is less traditional circus and more dance to awesome tunes with a few modern flashy stunts thrown in, but still so much fun.

This is not the show for circus purists to see.  If you go in expecting traditional circus, you will be disappointed.  Instead, there is much more of an ""urban"" bent than any of their other shows - slacklining, pole dancing, hip hop dance... oh, and a hologram!  The soundtrack (all MJ of course) has non-stop beats and will have you dancing in your seat!  The story and main characters are cheesy and weak (but CdS stories are never anything to write home about).

The theatre is relatively small, even the cheap seats aren't bad.  Ideal seats wound be towards the back of the front sections (101-103), in the aisle (more on that later).  The seats have their own little speakers on each side of your head, so you're really being immersed into the music.

My favourite number was Thriller (even more awesome if you're in the aisle of the front section) - so much fun!  And Smooth Criminal - watching so many people do the lean all at once was a cool effect!  If you're a MJ fan, this show is a must!",4.0
"went here twice while 4 days in Vegas, for late breakfast. 

Eggs Benedict with avocado

Breakfast burrito with carnitas

both dishes tasty, well prepared and high quality 

portions will satisfy the hungry, 

price is good value for overall quality and taste",4.0
"Came here after seeing they had lobster & shrimp mac n cheese and that's all I ordered when I sat at the bar. It took a few minutes for the bar tender to stop her conversation and actually pay attention to me. My order came out fast and the first thing I noticed was, you do not get a lot for your money. The taste was very cheesy but that's it, it could use a spice or two to compliment the seafood.",3.0
They have yet to disappoint & their delicious food & great customer service has been consistent with each visit. I officially give them 5 stars that are well deserved!!!,5.0
"I lived there from September 2012 to March 2014. During that time several issues arose. The apartment itself is fine. If there was a maintenance problem, it was handled in a timely manner. There is no water pressure in the shower! Drove me nuts. I would have to take a bath to wash my hair. However, a majority of the tenants left something to be desired. I had someone curse at me because my two small dogs, a cocker spaniel and a mini schnauzer, startled them as I was coming out of my apartment. I mean extremely vulgar profanity. I did report this to the office and they did talk to her. While walking my dogs another time I came upon a altercation between two tenants while in my hearing threats of gun violence were involved. I called the police. Another time, I came home from work and the swat team and Mesa pd were on the scene due to a tenant shooting his firearm into the apartment upstairs barely missing the tenant while he was sleeping in bed and hitting the ceiling fan above him. The suspect refused to come out of his apt and tear gas had to be thrown in his apartment! The stand off lastest for several hours. All over the complex was dog poop. It's seems as though at least half the dogs owners there did not pick up after their dog. The doggie stations only had baggies 50% of the time. They also were only changing the trash bags full of dog feces once a week. I did complain several times to management to no avail. New management did take over at the beginning of 2014, but during the time I was still living there, nothing changed. Also, cigarette butts everywhere! It was disgusting. I also complained of this to no avail. They did send a flyer out telling tenants to not throw their butts out, but no enforcement. There were cigarette butts all around my apt and I don't smoke. The neighbors above me would get done with a cigarette and just throw it to the ground in front of my balcony. I was extremely frustrated living in these conditions. Also, when I left, I got an email explaining why I wasn't getting my deposit back, etc. I called to ask a question because the statement was not itemized so I wasn't sure what cost what. Apparently, even though I left the apartment very clean, even washing the windows going behind the fridge and stove to remove all dirt, vacuuming, made it look really nice. They stated they had to replace the carpeting due to my dogs. That's fine. I accepted that. They took my deposit as well as stating I still owed $95. The manager? Ryan, I believe, was very unprofessional claiming he wasn't the one who sent me the email, that that person was gone, etc. ok, so what? It was his job to answer my questions in a professional manner. I did tell him he was being unprofessional and he did apologize. Overall, I would not recommend this place, not at all.",2.0
"You know, I never understood why Parrotheads get so excited about Jimmy Buffet.  After my first visit to Margaritaville... I still don't understand. I get it, it's a way of life or state of mind, a way to cut loose... but continuous videos of tailgating at Jimmy Buffet shows, with Chesney or Wilson thrown in every 10th video? Not for me. I'm sure a lot of people find this place to be like a little 'cheeseburger in paradise'. The atmosphere is kind of fun, but with a quoted 'one to two hour wait time', at a place that will not do reservations or call-ahead seating, it would be nice to have bigger bars to kill that wait time. The food is not bad. I will say the Volcanic Nachos were like manna from heaven, after we got seated, stacked THIIIIIS high with lots and lots of 'penos. My fish tacos were nothing to write home about, and the side of 'paradise' or something of that nature rice was... rice with carrots and peas. Huh. I have to say, though, I did not feel ripped off. The food wasn't stellar but at $10 for a good-sized helping, it was decent. My friends ordered other things and I really did not hear any raving. One person's steak was still mooing, after ordering it medium. 

Service was really, really good. I wish I could do a separate 4 stars for the staff, they were awesome. I never had to ask for another drink, and our guy was incredibly patient while we waited for the rest of our party to show up after we had been seated. We did not feel rushed at all, and that means a lot in such a packed restaurant where others are obviously waiting still. They split our check without batting an eyelash. I tipped accordingly, you should too. These guys were facing a mosh pit with smiles on their faces. The balloon guy on stilts was a hoot (ask him to give you crabs if you go) and the live band was classic college alt rock, about 5 years after college. No one danced, which I thought was pretty funny. They didn't sound too bad. 

Definitely a place for Parrotheads or those into doing the trendy theme restaurant thing. :)",3.0
"Another stop on my Pizza Bender 2011 Edition Tour, I decided to check out Broadway Pizza.  Since I was dining by myself, I opted to order 2 Slices.  Cheese Slices are $1.95 each with $.40 ea for additional toppings.  I ordered 2 Sausage & Pepperoni slices.

After a short wait, the Pizza came out.  The slices were huge....a little bigger than what I normally see around town.  The Pizza is NY Style thin crust.  After a few bites I was underwhelmed.  The Pizza was just OK.  I didn't really care for the Sausage and the Pepperoni didn't have much flavor.

Overall, the Pizza didn't leave me wanting more.  They serve other items like Wings and Calzones....maybe I'll come back to try one of those.

Return Factor - 40%",3.0
Paid 20 bucks for 10 small breaded mushrooms and 20 boneless wing nuggets. Really? Does that come with a reach around too?,2.0
"The restaurant itself gives a very modern yet sophisticated vibe.  The waiters are welcoming and make you feel at home. The biggest downside is the food itself. I ordered the Mongolian crispy noodle which I believe was $16. The only thing from that dish that was appetizing was the shrimp and if you choose to order this then I suggest you ask for the shrimp sauce which ironically isn't for shrimp but pairs well with it. The crispy noodle really is crispy.. as in raw noodles that look like they just came out a packet of ramen. I went with a few friends so I tried a bite here and there and I can honestly say I didn't like anything. The Sriracha sauce is extremely watered down but is somehow spicier than your average Huy Fong. As for the menu itself, the only 'Spanish' food I saw were the tapas which are appetizers. No quesadillas or the basic nachos like I expected there to be. I never thought I would prefer chinese take out than the food from this restaurant. I'm talking about you China Jade. Thankfully, theres a frozen yogurt place next door so you won't go home regretting so many calories on food that tastes like it came out of a box of lean cuisine.",2.0
"I went here last night with my boyfriend to watch Reel Steel (great movie by the way!) As with other reviews, mine is on the AVX theatre. 

I have always like the concept of reserving your seats for a movie. It really takes the stress out of an otherwise very enjoyable afternoon/evening. Or maybe just for me as I am the type of person that needs to be in the theater at least 45 minutes prior to the show to ensure I get the seat I want...as in last, last row right in the middle. (I hate having people behind me because of the talking that inevitably goes on and/or the muddy shoes that I imagine to be a hair's length away...)

Anyways, the AVX takes that stress away, and for a premium (we paid 15.75/ticket) you can choose your seats. Not sure if anyone else experienced this, but my only only beef with the system is that you aren't allowed to choose seats with spaces in between other seats so you inevitably have to sit beside a random person (meaning you can't leave an extra chair between you and the other person). We ended up buying tickets for the last row which someone else had occupied. Because it was not busy, we just sat one row down. Which brings me to my other potential concern - there can always be people in your seats so hang tight to your tickets (for me, I always used to chuck them).

All in all, wouldn't come out of my way to watch the AVX. Seats are no wider but armchairs do lift up so you can cuddle or...

FYI! My boyfriend and I made the mistake of parking at the theater which cost us 20bucks!!! I am sure there are other parking lots around for less, but we were lazy. Not sure if this is the usual rate at this particular lot, or if it was taking advantage of the clubs around. Either way, can't beat the location (right at the theater).",3.0
"Worst experience in a nightclub ever. Was having an ok time, nothing special, until things went crazy over a flask a friend had.  We filed a police report over what security did. They wanted my friend to leave and he agreed, and we decided to leave with him. Security wouldn't let anyone go with them while they took him in the elevator.  It was one unimposing guy surrounded by 4 giant security guards, they pushed him against the elevator wall and made his nose bleed then they choked him until he was unconscious.  They then tried to convince him they found him that way.  My friend pretended to agree with them because he was scared for his safety, but he was not drunk and remembered everything. They had their first aid person clean him up and only let him leave after he pretended to go with their story.  We filed a police report and are looking into legal action.  If security ever takes your friend here, get their names and take their photos. Do not trust them. Do not write this off as drunk belligerence. None of us were drunk, he did not resist them. I hope this does not happen to you, but I know it has happened to others.",1.0
"Staff - Great staff. Honestly if your don't know how to dress when you go out that your fault and is not the staffs fault. 

Lines - Could be better but is faster then the XS line when it first opened.

Cover - Decent on weekdays. BAD on Saturdays !

Crowd - All the hottest women want to party here! Every guy wants to see all the hottest women. It gets crowded, SO WHAT, ITS A F*CKING CLUB !

Price on drink - Average.

Bartenders/Cocktail Waitress - Great.

Table host - Some of the most decent hosts in vegas. They dont try to leverage you for more bottles.

MONDAYS ARE THE BEST DAYS. 
SATURDAYS ARE THE WORST.

also get there early or you'll pay too much to get in !!!",4.0
"Not the best clubbing experience I've had in Vegas, although I still had a blast. We were guest listed for Benny Benassi on a Friday night, but we ended up not getting there until around 1 am due to traffic. My friend's (fairly high up) promoter hadn't specified a cutoff time for the list, but the bouncers refused to let us in, claiming the list had closed at 11 pm. Even though my friend showed them texts from her promoter saying that we could come in, they wouldn't budge. Finally we just faked our way in by pretending we were with a table. They didn't even check to confirm. So, in summary, rude but stupid bouncers.

As for the actual club, I can't say I remember many details. I think the club was pretty big and had a lot of different areas that I didn't get to explore. I vaguely recall wandering outside onto the patio for a while and chilling by the pool, which was actually really nice. The crowd was just okay... they seemed to be a little older and more ghetto than the crowds I've encountered at other clubs. Benny was awesome, and we stayed until around 5 am when the lights started to go up.

I definitely want to come back here to check out the famous stairs... hopefully the people we run into will be more entertaining next time...",3.0
"Both times I came here I waited a long time. There's only one dentist and I don't think they schedule appointments well. The first time I came I wanted to check a cavity. He was friendly, so I asked if I could get my wisdom teeth pulled. He said it was easy so he could do it. When I came back for my wisdom teeth, I waited an hour and a half before seeing the doctor. The extraction took 2 minutes...",3.0
"Great ice cream, great prices!  Quaint little ice cream shop. Our family of six each had a yummy dessert for under $20!",5.0
"Love, love, love this place. My husband and I drive from Payson to come here. It's fresh, it's delicious, it's amazing. I love this place. They remember me everytime I come in. I order bowls to take home for my husband and I. I can't wait until they have online ordering available!",5.0
Stayed three nights and had a great time. Perfect for those traveling with family. Plenty of activities and food choices.  The grounds and surrounding neighborhood are spectacular. Lots of jogging and bike trails to enjoy. Close by restaurants are worth the visit and well within walking distance. Will definitely come back.,4.0
"We stayed for a weekend recently and had a fantastic trip.  The room was beautiful and the bed was seriously the most comfortable I have slept on in my entire life.  We enjoyed having a drink in the lobby bar with live music playing in the background.  We shared a cheese plate appetizer and was NOT impressed.  It was like 3 small slices of cheese for $15 and it wasn't even that great of cheese.  Skip that and stick with a drink.  We thought the conference rooms were nice.  The room service was outstanding.  The caprese salad was AWSOME.  I am still thinking about it.  For breakfast room service brought us the wrong omelet (a ham one instead of a mushroom one) we were promptly brought the correct omelet and ate both for free! :)  We loved laying by the pool in the little beds and having lunch and drinks brought to us poolside.

I recommend this hotel for ANYONE.",5.0
"This dealership is lacking.  From sales to service to the body shop.  No communication between departments.  General Manager was called twice and we never got a return call.  We've owned our SRX for 3 weeks and I have to say this was our worst car buying experience EVER!  
Had the car into the body shop for a few dents, dings and paint chips and torn driver seat.  They were then supposed to turn the SUV over to service for a few repairs.  Got a call on Friday night to come pick up the vehicle.  Saturday we get there and ask about the service receipt.  The cashier has no knowledge of it being in service and instead of her finding out, she gives me the number to the body shop manager.  Then, while on the phone with him I notice the biggest dent and several paint chips were not taken care of.
He says leave the car and he will take care of it, then get it into service.
So another week goes by, we get a call to come pick up the vehicle.  We get there and upon inspection I notice a couple of things were not completed, the seat was not repaired, the clunk noise is written up as ""could not duplicate"" and while sitting in the vehicle we notice the a/c is not cooling.
So once again, we leave without our vehicle.  Two days later they call, a/c is fixed and a ""new"" radio is installed.
We are headed out of state and will bring the SRX to a different dealership to see if they will do more than tell us they couldn't duplicate the clunk that happens every time you drive.  Don't think it's a normal noise.",1.0
"I am frequent visitor to Guru Lakshmi. I still remember the first time i had Dosas there, it took me back to New Delhi, India. For me that's a good thing because something that reminds of me of back home means ,food is pretty darn good. However since their increasing popularity and now expansion, i feel like that quality/ taste of food is in a declining state . First time i gave them the benefit of the doubt but the second time and third time i didn't get the satisfaction or that feeling when the food ""Hits THAT Spot"". 

Also now i would like to talk about their service, i have never seen any of their staff smile not when they are welcoming guest and not when they greet you at the table to take your order. On our Last visit as soon as we were done with our  food without even asking for a cheque they presented us with a bill, as i am paying for the bill  someone immediately cleaned up the table  while we are still sitting there . I felt it was bit rude but then again there were several people outside waiting for the customers to leave so i understand that.

Overall the food is still miles ahead of any other Dosa place in the GTA area,  but the actually experience of eating at the place needs some improvement.

Thanks",3.0
I called to ask for price quotes.  The guy who answered the phone had an attitude the whole time. I was very friendly and he talks to you like you owe him a favor and sounded like a dik. That alone makes me cringe and will not even go there no matter the price. That's it. I was trying to add zero stars here for that place but the lowest is 1 star,1.0
"Meh. Not a very good burger. Pales in comparison to other B Spot burgers I've had at the Westlake location and most other burgers in CLE. Lola fries just ok. My vanilla milkshake brought all the boys to my slot machine. 

If you have the time, walk over to Johnny's Little Bar for a burger instead of this place.",2.0
Great pistachio gelato and service was friendly and fantastic!  Would stop by every time we come to Vegas! Did I mention the pistachio gelato?,5.0
"LOVE IT! Second time seeing it! With the kids this time :)

Well, after seeing this for the second time, we decided that we liked our higher up in the balcony area seating better last time. (You can see a lot more of the action) :) We LOVE Cirque du Soleil and will be seeking out more of their shows til we see them all! And again too! :)",5.0
"If you're a huge Beatles fan, you will love this show. If you're a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, you might feel a lil' bit disappointed? But I guarantee this, you will definitely appreciate the artistic value of the show and what it's goal was..and that was to pay homage to one of the most influential bands in the history of music. Since I have been a life long Beatles fan, I was very curious as what I should expect? And then my wife literally said, ""Let It Be!"" , and I did...I just relaxed and let go of any expectations from any other show that had seen in the past. Once the music began, I was knocked into the back of my seat.

The audio and visual presentation is awesome. In addition to the theaters dynamic audio system, you have high end audio speakers that are embedded in the headrest of your very comfortable theater chairs, plus the seats that are in front of you have the speakers directed towards you as well!  The main body of the show starts off very solemn,  and as the crescendo builds....it EXPLODES on to the scene with a re-mastered version of ""Get Back"". With performers  dancing and running around the middle of the stage, skaters skating, and acrobats literally falling and flying from the sky.....Whew! 

I was on a high like no other!  My wife was used to listening to the Beatles only through me...strangely enough she quickly became a fan of the Beatles after the show. But I almost think that she was overwhelmed...it was kinda cute, but she kept saying, Hey D, I know that song!  They creators of this show wanted to start this one off with a bang, and they do an OUTSTANDING job of doing it!  You cannot help appreciate the genius not only of Lennon and McCartney, but the FAB FOUR are a part of music history and this was just a way that Cirque du Soleil was able to pay tribute to their contributions to the music, not of their own generation, but all that followed!  Just a fabulous show....so good we decided to take our daughters to this show next spring! I can hardly wait...!",5.0
"A must see show for lovers of music, The Beatles, or Cirque du Soleil!

The show was impressive and the entertainment went on for a long time.  By far, one of the best shows on the strip, and an incredible experience!

Probably not good for the elderly, as it was loud, and there was a lot going on.  For everyone else though, what a great show!

Just like a ride at Disney, there is a gift shop on the way out.",5.0
"I am so glad that we left LOVE as our last big show. I wish I could have been there on stage, dancing my heart and soul out and twirling while soaring higher than the crowd. It's a very inspirational, and moving show. I cried twice! The dancers are just spectacular and the entire production was through the roof! I will most definitely be returning year after year, and maybe one day strive to be a part of the cast. Hmm... Anything can happen right?! COMECOMECOME!!!",5.0
"I was so excited to watch this show, not just because I'm a huge fan of the Beatles but every Cirque show I have seen was amazing. This one, not so much. Maybe it was our seating (balcony) but every angle is supposed to be great and has been in my past experience. I think my main problem with this show is that there was so many ""interpretive dancing"" portions which I felt was blah. And really, what was up with the guy with the flowers? There were some magical moments of the show, don't get me wrong, but if I wanted to watch an interpretive dance music video, I wouldve gotten tickets to the Jabbawockees instead.",2.0
"If you are not a vegetarian, this is the place for you! (Although they can do vegetarian it is still cooked where meat has been cooked.)  I personally didn't eat anything here except for the fries and come condiments, however it is a fantastic place to get a delicious burger exactly how you want it. We took friends here and they were blown away. It looks intimidating because it is a small old building in the heart of downtown Tempe, however it is a landmark and the service and prices are excellent. Parking is $2 across the street at the pay lot which is not bad considering what parking costs elsewhere. Be prepared for a long line out the door because everyone knows this is the go-to place for a hearty delicious burger and fries. The line says it all - they know what they are doing and people are willing to wait. Everything is cooked on an open wood fire grill and worth the time it takes to get your meal. Seating indoor or outside in the sun. ENJOY!",5.0
I just purchased a mattress for my spare bedroom. Ben was amazing and very knowledgeable about the different mattresses. He went above and beyond to assure the delivery accommodated my work schedule. I will definitely come back for my future mattress needs.,5.0
They should call it The Cold Egg.  I went there twice last week and all the eggs were cold.  The saving grace is that the pancakes are awesome.  I cannot remember better pancakes.,3.0
"Found a coupon in the mail for a regular sub meal (sub, chips, and soda) for $6.99 and went in for lunch the other day.

Since it was my first visit at a Jersey Mike's, I asked the order taker her recommendation and she said I should go with the #13 - The Original Italian done Mike's Way (all the fixings). It was a good choice and a decent meal, but I noticed the prices without the coupon would have been pretty steep, so I will keep my eyes open for another coupon and try something else next time.",3.0
"Nice, clean place with friendly staff. I made an appointment via the Yelp app very easily. The owner replied back very quickly, we chatted and I had an appt for that night (Friday evening). Glad I did, the place was packed. And there seemed to be filled with regulars. Not surprising since Tip Toe was recommended by a friend.",5.0
"My favorite sushi place that does not do all you can eat.. I always order the rock n roll #2 every time. It hits the spot too, every time. Prices aren't too bad either, considering they just increased them after they renovated the place. I still frequent this place though, mainly because the rolls are so good.

I dont know about their sashimi/nigiri, because I think the prices are way too steep for 2 pcs of nigiri. I'd just go to an AYCE spot to get my fix of that.",4.0
"Came during happy hour and ordered a ton of sushi. Fast and friendly service and good sushi. Suggestions are GT/R roll, spider roll and Japanese lasagna! Only reason I gave 4 stars was my brother in law ordered donkatsu and it came without rice. We were told rice was extra! Other than that had a great experience but wish they had an all you can eat because ordering outside of happy hour would be a bit more than I would spend.",4.0
"I'm giving it 4 for the food.  Would have been a 5 if common sense was a part of the experience.  I aside at 5pm on a tuesday. I asked to be seated by the window to relax and have a view.  I was one of 6 people in the restaurant.  In come a group of 4 and where do they seat them directly in the line of the setting sun, so instead of seating them at one 20 empty tables not in line with the setting sun, they are seated then the sun shade is dropped over the window by my table. So much for the relaxing view.  Lalo my server was spot on great kid.",4.0
"Easily the BEST Italian food in the valley.  This place is awesome.  The views are incredible and the food and service go right along with it.

I started with the Beef Carpaccio.  The best I have ever had.  Just great.  The presentation was first class and the flavors were spot on.  My entree was Ventano Tortellini.  Just as good or better than the appetizer.  This is not a dish that I would normally order, but I wanted to give it a try.  I am glad that I did because it was just perfection.

There is an extensive wine list that is reasonably priced.  I could not fit in dessert, but I certainly will next time.  Can't wait to get back.  Thanks Ventano!!",5.0
"We came here for the first time yesterday and these are some of the best tacos we've ever had. We tried the birria, chicken, and carne asada; all were amazing. Definitely coming back and recommending.",5.0
Best Tacos. I wont eat tacos anymore else! It is the best staff and the best food! I am there every Tuesday! I recommend the carne asada tacos with potatoes !!!!!,5.0
"I'm diggin' this dive bar especially for sunday night football. The place was crowded tonight, but not jam packed. Everyone was having a blast drinking, laughing, enjoying the game.

My table had margaritas and later some of us tried their $4 tequila which was out of this world horrible... yuck! We also had some crazy $3 fire ball shots, which were crazy gross because it tasted like big red gum... Yikes!

I also tried their buffalo wings with celery + ranch for $7.25, which tasted great but could have been better priced.

Anywho, our waitress was friendly and attentive and kept a good eye on our table for anything we needed. I think I'll definitely be coming here again for a drink or two and taste the rest of the menu.",3.0
"Incredible pierogies! Very chill, hip vegan place. Can't wait to continue to go back until I've tried everything on the menu. Very cool bar area as well for drinks or to sit at and dine.",5.0
"What could be better...A chocolate bar outside a chocolate candy store!  I had the ""Death by Chocolate"" martini and I don't think I've ever had a better cocktail!  Finished it in no time (it went down way too easy!) and before leaving the casino, I got another one to go.  Now, not that I was drunk or anything, but I think the Blue Man Group was one of the funniest shows I've seen!",5.0
"The most memorable part of my experience at Mimosa Grill was the house-made pimiento cheese. Served in a ramekin, warm and gooey with crusty bread and celery, the dish was tangy and sumptuous. Even my boyfriend enjoyed it, and he does not like pimiento cheese.

Mimosa Grill has a stunning interior--dark wood with soft lighting and brick accents--reminiscent of a bygone era of three martini lunches, but without any hint of retro kitsch. In that way it's modern, impeccably melding comfort and aesthetics. Mimosa Grill is just as well-suited for Easter brunch as it is for a bachelorette party.

Initially we ordered the daily lunch special, short ribs, but they were out. We were out for a late lunch, around 2 PM, but I still found it strange to run out of the special. The entrees we settled on were a wild mushroom flatbread and a cheeseburger. The flatbread was nice and the mushrooms very fresh, but the flavors were a bit one-note. My boyfriend found his burger overcooked. 

Our server appeared distracted, even though we initially were the only diners. When a group of young women came in they sat them in the booth closest to ours. Considering the restaurant is GINORMOUS, I was frustrated. My boyfriend and I were obviously on a date, and we would have felt that our experience was a priority to Mimosa Grill if the server had simply acknowledged us by valuing our privacy and seating the young women elsewhere.

As one of the ubiquitous high-end Southern restaurants popping up all over Charlotte, and the South in general, Mimosa Grill offers a gorgeous setting. Hopefully the food and service will catch up soon.",3.0
"Had the craft burger (hate the name) which was fabulous.  Rosemary mayo, grilled mushrooms, lettuce and tomato - was perfectly cooked, a lovely pink inside and traveled well.  I had it to go and ate it about 1/2 hour later.  

Side of onion rings where great and ended up being too much for me to finish by myself (normal appetite).",5.0
"Great little burger place - decent prices with a huge offering of different types of quasi-""gourmet"" burgerdom.

A combo costs about $12 and they may skimp a bit on the onion rings but they're worth it--very tasty.",4.0
It took them 1hr to cook our food. Mind you there were less than 10people in the place. They suck!,1.0
"If you are a tequila lover, this place might be for you.  They have a huge selection of tequilas and can even add some of them as toppers to your margarita.  If you are like me and don't care that much about tequila, it was okay.  For a place that touts their tacos and tequilas, they fell short on the taco side.  I tried the two taco platter with rice and black beans.  My chicken taco was delicious and flavorful, but the steak taco was not as good.  It tasted like they had put the same seasoning on both.  I did try a margarita with a pomegranate tequila topper.  It was strong but tasty.  They also had a salsa bar, but of the four salsa they had there was only one mild option and the rest were super spicy.  The prices were reasonable and the staff was friendly but scarce.  I ate here because I was in the neighborhood, but I didn't find anything that would draw me back to eat here again.",3.0
"Great place nice food and wonderful tequila selection, ask for Erin at the bar for the best service.",5.0
"We are new neighbors just up the hill in Paradise Valley, and we SO wanted this to be our ""go to"" dinner place for nights when we were too busy to cook and to take visiting families and friends.   Full disclosure:  we tried four times, each time it was around 8:00 pm. Two of the four we were treated pretty poorly by a female hostess. There were still patrons eating in the restaurant, but she told us they were getting the main dining room set up for a big event the next day (both times) and sat us in the bar. Last night, there was a basketball game on in the bar...I would not mind eating in a pub atmosphere if we were paying pub prices. So, when we told her that the noise was too much and asked to be reseated in the restaurant she refused. I don't think was too much to ask, for just the two of us. And it's interesting the other two times we went, the male hosts gave us the choice, and sat us in the restaurant.  Food has been inconsistent, but not all that bad.  Pasta on two visits was all small pieces (spaghetti one night and fettuccine another) like we were getting the dregs. I'd be more tolerant of that, but for the price of the food, we expect a more pleasant dining experience.   Too bad.  They need to make some changes.",1.0
"Last week we were driving home from work very hungry at 4:30pm and wanted to try somewhere we hadn't been in a while. My fianc said he used to eat at the Coco's in Chandler frequently before they closed and suggested this. Upon entering the restaurant I had a bad feeling. The interior was severely dated and decked out in hideous shades of orange from the late 70's early 80's. The windows carpet and booths could have all used a good cleaning. We sat down and looked over the menu and decided to keep it simple. My fiance' ordered the Chopped Steak dinner entre (well done with no pink) and I went with a Prime Rib Mushroom Cheeseburger  (some pink). We received our beverages quickly which was welcomed on a hot day and waited for our food. And waited, and waited...45 minutes later after asking our waitress twice where our meals were she proudly brought them out. It was immediately clear we had made a huge mistake. My burger went back immediately because at first glance it was obvious I had not been served the burger I ordered. No thinly sliced prime rib and no mushrooms. The burger bun was stale and the burger itself was a cold severely overcooked frozen thin hockey puck. I was immediately promised it would be replaced and it was whisked off back to the kitchen. I then looked at my fianc's Chopped Steak dinner and saw it consisted of the same thin 1/4lb hockey puck also severely overcooked with a scoop of masked potatoes beside it and GRAY Gravy slathered all over it. The waitress had disappeared (never to come to our table again and refill drinks) and four minutes later the manager arrived with my ""correct"" burger. The same burger and fries I was originally served was put in front of me and when I complained he said ""I took it back and had the sliced prime rib and mushrooms added!"" It was still cold, still overcooked, and had lettuce and condiments on it that did not belong! I demanded it go back and be taken off our bill and after seeing my fianc's dinner opted not to eat at all. When we questioned the manager about the ""Chopped Steak"" he said they had been serving the same 1/4lb hamburger patty as their ""Chopped Steak"" since he began working for the restaurant. He took care of our entire bill and even offered a gift card to have us come back but we declined because if that was their standard fare we certainly were not coming back again. The pie's in the front case looked appetizing but this is not the Coco's food of old and I certainly would not even chance those. There are too many other excellent choices for dinner and dessert at restaurants within a mile.",1.0
"I'll start off saying that this could have easily been a 5 star review.

Everything was good with my initial U-haul experience, until I received my receipt via email. They leave blankets and a dolly in the truck in case you need, but you're not supposed to be charged unless you break the seal and use them. In my case I never used the dolly and definitely did not break the seal. However, it was until afterwards when I received my receipt via email that I saw I was charged for the dolly. I thought, no big deal, I'll just email them and I'm sure they'll correct their mistake. 3 days later, no response. So I called and spoke with the GM and he assured me that every employee always checks the seals and they only charge if they are broken. Most companies when they use a seal have seal numbers to verify every time, but apparently uhaul doesn't.

I guess I should have read other customer review beforehand. And if you do rent from here, make sure you verify everything before you leave.",1.0
"My cousin and I had lunch today. We had the most wonderful, professional server named Sparky. Sparky was friendly, patient, and very knowledgable of the menu. I had the 3 piece chicken in smothered gravy, Mac and cheese, and rice and gravy, needless to say; I won't be cooking dinner! Donna Jean had the 2piece chicken and waffles, and we share dessert, banana pudding! This is my fifth time at Lo lo and every time has been exceptional. I highly recommend.",5.0
"My charge nurse recommended this place since I live about 10 minutes away from it and that her family just loves Chicken and Waffles. So I tried going on a Wednesday after my night shift and to my dismay found out they open at 9. I got there at 8:30 and wasn't planning on staying for another 30 minutes since I'm already sleepy. So I gave it another go on Friday.

The place was roomy. It has a bar on the middle which was pretty spacious. Multiple screen TVs where you can get your sports on if you happen to fancy eating waffles and drinking beer at the same time while watching the Olympics. I was seated on a booth (to my surprise) and the place wasn't as busy when I went (which was good). 

I forgot the servers name but he was really nice. He looked like he had a busy morning because even with only two customers he was huffing and puffing. The menu had plenty to offer. Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner or a combination of the two or three if you wish. I went ahead and ordered Lolo's Chicken and Waffles since well that's what I came for. I saw from reviews that they also liked the Banana Pudding so I ordered that one too.

On to the food. The Waffles were soft, a hint of Cinnamon is there but not overpowering. The butter they served with it was perfect and just made me smile seeing that gold turn to liquid (yeah I'm a fat ***). To my surprise it was the chef that served the food to me! I mean I'm sorry if I put everybody on an inconvenience by going there for lunch. Either that or he was just happy to serve the food he made. But he looked really nervous for some reason. I don't bite. Well not unless your food that is *wink*. So he told me he'd be back with syrup and yes he did. The syrup was warm and went perfectly with the waffles. It was good but I was never really into waffles or had not had too many growing up so there wasn't really anything for me to compare it too. But the taste was just right. There wasn't any after taste or anything that you would usually get if the batter came from a box. And no I'm not saying it came from a box. I'm just saying the ones that come from a box have aftertaste is all. I know very well they make theirs from scratch. Which is a good thing.

The chicken!!! Okay so I'm a big fan of fried chicken. And growing up having been a patron of another restaurant I have a lot to say about Lolo's fried chicken. First of all they are big! As in it looks like they gave me the whole chicken with the three piece I got. All that was missing was the head. The portion is good for someone who's about ready to eat a horse but I believe I ordered too much for my appetite this time around. The skin was crispy but needs a little salting on some parts of the chicken. The taste didn't overpower the waffles and actually went great with them. The meat was tender and became very addicting as I dug through and through. It didn't compare to previous ones that I've had but it paired nicely with the soft waffles they made. But like I said it was just way too much for my appetite this time around and actually had to take some to go (and my fat *** always finishes a plate). That's just how much their servings are.

The banana pudding then comes around and the presentation was really nice. It was served on a Mason Jar with whipped cream on top with tiny butter cookies. It wasn't too sweet and kind of reminds me of bread pudding and was wondering whether the banana is mixed in the pudding or was it just the banana slices that were giving the taste. In my opinion it needed more banana slices. I just had way too much food to start off with so I wasn't able to finish the dessert.

Overall I would say I need a second trip to this place or maybe even a third. But it probably would not be on the top of my list if I have a hankering for Chicken and Waffles. The place has a nice ambience to it and almost feels like a fancy diner where you get to sip wine with your dinner and waffles or drink beer with your breakfast and of course waffles. Waffles, waffles, waffles haha.",3.0
I saw this place while headed to the McDonald's next door. I quickly decided to try this place instead and I'm glad I did. I love the crispy well seasoned fried chicken while my husband loves the stupid fries. The scenery is laid back and the music just right. I might try it again.,3.0
"Wally Fellman King Of Laziness,
Is the worst real estate agent I've ever encountered. He sends you lists of homes for you to choose from then after you make your selection he tries to talk you out of all the homes you chose. He lies about homes being unavailable all because he is too lazy to drive over to their locations. How about this Wally where's Waldo, don't sent clients lists of homes that your too lazy to drive to and show. This was a COMPLETE and total waste of my time. I ended up finding my own place on my own and I suggest everyone do the same. All you are to this man is a commission. He waits almost 2 full weeks to send me a text message to see if I applied to a house even though he knew I needed to be of my place 2 weeks ago. Completely unprofessional.",1.0
"First time visit..glad we came! Was watching Diners Drive in's and Dives.....so I decided to check the local area to see if they've been anywhere in AZ. Since this was on the list we decided to give it a try. I have the combo meal with the jerk fried rice, black beans, emerald chicken and jade red chicken. It was all very delicious. Do note if you do not like spice the black beans may not be for you because they are a bit on the spicy side, but I thought they were phenomenal! 

I will definitely be back again soon. The emerald chicken was great to try and seems very healthy. I think next time I will try a different item in its place and keep everything else the same...other than I will try the refried beans to see what they bring to the table! The snickerdoodle cookie was a nice treat at the end! 

All in all a great meal for the price you pay. Also, when you walk in you will be filing out a paper slip for your order and hand it to them....we did not know that so we just walked right up to the front...they were very understanding though and did it for us...but just a heads up :)",5.0
"The ability to get mediocre Chinese AND Mexican food at the same time amounts to a whole experience much greater than the sum of its parts. Never has foreign cuisine been bastardized so effectively...but it works.

Think of it as a Panda Express and Taco Bell sharing the same building, only they're totally down to mix up items. You want machaca over fried rice? Sure. Terriyaki chicken quesadilla? Not even a problem. The goal is to satisfy both cravings for $10, and I don't think that can be done anywhere else. 

I prefer to uh...keep my food separated, with a rice bowl and a small quesadilla. ""You could have saved money by making it a combo!"" they said as my food was brought. Too bad no one pointed that out as I handed in the multiple choice test that was my order. I came here to eat, not to fill out paperwork!

Diners rave about the Jade Chicken, and I don't think it's half bad. It's taste is vaguely orange and is a tad on the oily side, and looks and tastes like sweet and sour cut with buffalo sauce...which is weird, but works. Top it off with a bite-sized cheese crisp, a cookie, and perhaps even a reasonably-priced craft beer! 

On your way out, feel free to grab one of the mock Chinese T-Shirts...it's politically correct, but when the rest of the decor looks decades old, I at least appreciate the antiquity of the establishment as a whole. It excels in nothing. ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. Each item alone is just a-ok. It's the sheer variety and speed of service that forces me to rate it so highly with an extra star.",4.0
"So we went down to Arizona for a few days and found this little jewel! We heard a lot about this place from the locals with mixed reviews but after catching the episode of Diners, Drive-In's and Dives we decided to take the plunge.


The mixture of Chinese and Mexican wouldn't be an obvious jump at me combination but oddly enough, it works incredibly well!

 Amazing carnitas, jerk fried rice, and black beans...if your looking for something out of the ordinary, cheap and delicioso, look no further. A staple with the locals and a must stop for out of towner's (like us)!",4.0
I went a while back and was excited from all the big talk on how great this place is. Unfortunately the chicken was extremely dry and the rice and beans I could have made better at home with more flavor..... Maybe it was a bad day or something not sure.... I almost threw the food in the garbage..... hopefully they can improve... it could have been a off day....,2.0
"I walked into this place not really knowing what to expect other than dogs are allowed inside. I was pleasantly surprised by the cafe, mini shop for pets, and other recreational areas that you can just wander around and check out. I was thinking to myself, 'why don't we have any place like this back at home?'. If I had brought my dog on vacation with me to Toronto, this is probably a must stop. It's cute, it's fun, but I'm curious to know how they stay open for business??? I didn't see too many people inside when I went.  Staff is very nice!",4.0
Holy cow this is a bad place - do NOT bring your car here or sign up for any auto-pay monthly service!  First visit did not clean bugs off vehicle and did damage to roof.  It was obvious just going through the tunnel that the systems were outdated and damaged.  Now fighting to get a refund and get my auto-billing canceled - they won't answer emails or and no phone numbers listed on their website (what a surprise!).  Lost the chance at a good new customer with four cars.,1.0
"Honestly, the only thing worse than feeling out of place in a bar is feeling downright unwelcome. Not since being the only kid in grade school to own a pair of 10-hole Doc Martens and being sneered at by my preppy, Tretorn-wearing classmates have I felt so...unwanted.

Nevermind the clientele - I knew they'd be pretentious, better dressed, more well-read, and perhaps more educated than me - but I expected more from the staff. It's really a shame because the drinks were OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS, not to mention inventive, and I arrived with money to burn.

The server making the rounds was more interested in appeasing the visibly wealthy than little ol' me and I stood around waiting for someone to hand me a menu for at least ten minutes. I mean, I may not have been wearing a cocktail dress but I didn't look like Sol the fucking Clown either. (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEkXBjTuTP4)
 
I gave up and took a seat at the bar instead and was greeted with even snootier service from what I actually presume to be one of the managers - or at least, his let-me-lord-over-you-with-my-extreme-and-unparalleled-mixology-knowledge attitude conveyed that. I have been to mixology bars in NYC, Boston, Chicago and San Francisco, and felt welcome and intrigued by all of them. While I may not be an expert in the art of cocktails I am eager to learn more about the beverages I order and was disappointed by the attitude at Barchef.

As mentioned the drinks were outstanding and carefully crafted. I relied on several rounds of ""Van Gogh's Downfall"" ($12) which contained absinthe, orgeat, clove, orange blossom water, anise and lemon rind. I am not a fan of anise OR orgeat (an in-house syrup made of almonds, sugar and rose water) yet somehow this combination worked beautifully. 

Drinks were surprisingly affordable at $8-12 each, with the lone exception being the $45 Manhattan (Crown Royal extra rare, fresh lemon, cherry vanilla bitters made in-house, hickory smoked syrup and vanilla cognac).

Shame about the attitude, really. 2.5 stars.",3.0
"Replaced our hot water heater, did a very good job, price was very fair.  Call them, they will give you a fair shake.",4.0
"So how about that, I'm updating my review around the exact same time I wrote it last year! I still standby Lincoln Tap House being A-OK if you're in Tower City and need a sit down place, but just keep your expectations realistic if you're wanting a 5-star dining experience.

Gosh, I hate saying it, but the staff often seem overwhelmed and understaffed, regardless of how busy it is or isn't. The host is very awkward. He will see you, but walk away, and you're not sure if he's coming back. There's a mutual feeling of this throughout all the tables... guests anxiously looking for someone to take their check, looking for a server, etc. We usually just end up asking whomever we see if someone can take our order, and whenever we get the bill, we typically pay it right then-- you never know when you'll see someone again. Our table was quite sticky and for a weeknight, I was surprised how dirty the floors were. So, not much to ambience.

I still standby that LTH does decent catering, so I am not sure where the disconnect is with the restaurant. As I mentioned previously, come for a beer, grab an appetizer, and enjoy watching the Cavs. The burgers are a safe bet here, which I think is their stronger suit.",3.0
"I came here with my fiance a few weeks ago to celebrate our engagement. I had wanted to try Joel Robuchon next door, however it was closed for renovations during our stay so I opted for L'Atelier instead. It may not have been the best choice for our occasion but we have plenty of intimate fine dining meals, it was nice to change things up.  

I really liked the counter service concept. I've eaten at plenty of counters and watched my food being made; but never food of such a high quality. It was great to see the chefs tediously preparing each course as we were eating the one prior to it. The kitchen's timing was impeccable! After a few courses I could tell when they were preparing our next course by how far along we were on the current dish. This was all done with seemingly clockwork precision. No running around or yelling in this kitchen.

We both had the $155 Seasonal Discovery Menu.

The amuse bouche of avocado and cilantro flavored grapefruit gelee and the turbot filet and baby leeks, buttery shellfish sauce with lime and ginger were real standouts for me' as was the la framboise dessert.

Not-so-hot was the heirloom tomato salad with basil oil and fleur de sel. It was good, but far from spectacular, it seemed like a filler. The foie gras quail was OK but neither of us could taste more than a slight hint of foie gras.

Overall a very good meal. So why four stars instead of five? The price and the portion size. While it was a great meal, I don't think that the portions we were served and the level of service (by design of the counter seating, not at all to the fault of the servers, they were fantastic!) warranted the $155 price tag.",4.0
"This is a very special dining experience!  I highly recommend sitting at the counter surrounding the kitchen (this is the majority of the seats except for larger tables) and watching the food preparation. Your server takes unique care of you from beginning to end. 

We did the tasting menu and wine pairings (which were very generous pours!).  They even custom prepared some menu items for me to avoid dairy.  Everything was so delicate, delicious, and rich in flavor.  We also added an order of the shaved Iberico ham which was amazing.

Get your wallet ready or head over after a big win at the tables, but it's well worth it!",5.0
"Delicious Mexican food in Mesa!  I've been here a couple times and have always liked what I ordered.  My favorite dish is the Killer burrito, enchilada style (green sauce).  I like that you order and pay at the counter and then find a seat and they deliver the food.  The service is pretty quick even when they get busy during lunch and dinner times.  They are within walking distance of the Mesa Arts Center.  You can easily park at the MAC, walk to dinner, and then walk back for a show.  The only negative is that they only accept cash, so make note of that before you go!",5.0
"This location can't compare to the one at midland and ncnicoll in scarborough.  It feels like your eating in a large hall with rows of seating and no sections.  

Wait time was long on a Sat night and the staff took long to clean tables after people left.",3.0
"LOVE ME SOME KOHREAN BBQz!!!! This place is my #2 favorite (after Kazan). Last time I came it was around 7pm on a Friday and we had to wait 10-ish minutes for a table. Even though they had a whole empty row.... :S oh well, it's worth it. MAKE A REZZIE!

The major difference with Chako compared to other places I've been to is that they have salads, hand rolls, other snacks on the menu. It's really useful while you wait for the meat to cook.

They also have Ox tongue - yum yum yummmmm, and special steak and other meats last time I went. They didn't change the grill at all which was disappointing because it gets dirty pretty fast. Kazan changes the grill every 5 minutes (no joke).

Meat, fish, etc is served in small square containers not on a big platter like Kazan (yeah, I compare every K-BBQ place to Kazan SO WHAT). I found that last time the food took way longer to cook than usual, I ended up eating like 5 order of sushi before I got my first piece of ox tongue down by gob. Sigh...

I think this place is great for groups, birthday parties, first dates with cute chubby girls (take me take me!!) - you name it!! 

They also have these barrel things which are thing are full of soju...I hate soju but every time I come I see one on every other table so they are popular!",4.0
"Just had the BEST meal we've ever had.... Fantastic service and food that is out of this world!   If you're in Toronto, Buca has to be a destination.  Our server Gianpaulo was amazing!",5.0
"Really good fried chicken and ribs but the polish boy is the best. 
Service seems fine to me. 
No inside seating.",3.0
"Wish I could give zero stars!
We went to Longhorn Steakhouse last night for my son's 15th birthday.  He has been wanting to go there since it opened.  We were all excited to try it.  Unfortunately we didn't get to.  When we were seated my daughter noticed that one of the small plates we had just been given by the hostess was dirty...really dirty.  Upon further inspection we saw that all 5 plates that we were given upon being seated were dirty"". They were really dirty and one even looked like it had two small bugs on it.  Yuck!   We have owned a restaurant, so understand that sometimes things happen and a plate might not get completely clean, but all 5?  That's a big indication as to the cleanliness of the kitchen and if the dishes aren't clean what else isn't.  Needless to say, we didn't stay.  We didn't care how ""good"" the food was going to taste out of the peri dirty kitchen.  We went to Outback Steakhouse ( which was also a first for us) and it was delicious!  Happy birthday, Son""",1.0
"I hope guu is way better than this. anyone who is willing to wait 2 hours to eat anything even close to this is in for a disappointment.

I ordered the niku udon (the standard beef one) and the octopus appetizer everyone raves about. The beef in the soup was rubbery. broth lackluster. nothing special. The octopus appetizer is kinda gross. deep fried with some japanese mayo thats a tad too zippy. not worth waiting the 20 minute prep time.

One of my friends had the curry udon and said it was really good, so maybe thats worth trying.

I will say, pretty cheap (most soups run around $5-6) and you get plenty.",2.0
"Stopped in here for lunch after a morning hike. They have a good selection of both hot & cold sandwiches and various salads to satisfy just about any appetite. The guy who helped us (I wish I remembered to catch his name) was outgoing, friendly & seemed genuinely interested in making sure we enjoyed our food. We got the impression he was probably the owner. 

I had the Reuben (hot) and it was tasty & prepared to my liking. My hiking partner had their ""Stacked"" (cold) sandwich and said it was satisfying as well. My only suggestion would be to add another side choice besides chips or potato salad (like macaroni salad ). Otherwise, when I'm on that side of town and want a quick sandwich lunch, I'll be sure to return.",5.0
Loved this place!  Great service and food without being pretentious.,5.0
"I think people that end up writing bad reviews (just look at Google for a bunch of complaints against this store) expect everyone they encounter to be a certain way. Just because someone doesn't have a personality you deem to be acceptable doesn't mean a store deserves poor ratings. 

My husband and I went in last night to inquire about getting his belt sewed, a watch battery replaced, and have some links taken out of his watch strap. 

The man who works here is clearly a hands-on person, very focused on his job and not really looking to have a conversation. I'm a chatty person, I tried a few times but he wasn't very responsive. Is that a bad thing? No. I cannot expect everyone I meet to be talkative like I am. 

The prices he quoted were exceptionally reasonable for what we wanted done (in total we paid $40 for everything. The last place my husband took his watch to have his battery replaced charged $30 to replace a battery (we'd have done it ourselves but the watch isn't the easiest to get to the back of) and they made us wait a few days until it was ready to be picked up. Minute Keys did all 3 things in HALF AN HOUR!!! He was also kind enough to say that if my husband wasn't happy with the watch band and wanted a few more links taken out to come back and he would do it free of charge.

Simple and to the point, no bells and whistles. Stop expecting so much from a store. This man does his job and does it well, and I have no qualms about the man behind the counter being quiet. Remember folks, everyone has their own story and their own personality. If a job is done right, the rest shouldn't matter.",5.0
"I love Mix! Such a great alternative to clubbing. My friends and I weren't too excited about getting in the ten mile long line for light, so we chose to come here instead. This lounge has its own elevator access at TheHotel and if you're afraid of heights, you're pretty much screwed because you can see everything through the glass elevator. But the view is outstanding!

It wasn't too crowded, easy to order drinks and the DJ was playing a good mix. We were able to grab a booth next to a group of cutie Asian girls, so there's alot of eye candy here. But the best thing about this place is the view! You cannot beat it.

Can't wait to go back!",5.0
"I don't know what the other reviewers are smoking, but this place was a horrible.  All style, no substance.  If price were not taken into account, I would give this place slightly below 3 stars for the quality of food.  But for the thermospheric prices ($50/entree), I had expected excellent, if not indelibly memorable food.  Instead, the food was just adequate.  So I knocked off 2 stars because of the poor price/quality ratio.

Not everything about this place was bad.  The dining room was very nicely done.  It definitely had the trendy Vegas/LA see/be seen thing going on.  The waiters were also very helpful.  Ours knew the intricacies of every dish and spoke like a food critic, using words like ""acidity"" and ""overtones"".  We got excited just listening to him talk about the dishes.

But then the food came.  The first course was actually decent.  I ordered the prawns appetizer, which had excellent crustacean flavor, but not quite worth the $28.  My girlfriend had the gnocchi, which was good, but again, not spectacular.  For the entree, I ordered the bison.  Again, a decent piece of meat, but nothing memorable.  The peppercorn crust was far too heavy, which made me think that the chef was trying to mask the dull flavor of the underlying meat.  My girlfriend had the lobster au curry ($58), which is supposedly one of Alain Ducasse's signature dishes.  The lobster was cooked perfectly, but the sauce did nothing to enhance the flavor of the lobster, which left the dish tasting limp.  

While we were pretending to enjoy our entrees, the waiter came by to remind us that both were written up in magazines (Bon Apetit I think he said).  As if suggestion was going to make the entrees taste better.  Had the dishes verged on greatness, we might have been convinced.  But that was clearly not the case.",1.0
"First off, I created a yelp account just so that I could write this review. Let me begin by saying that I do not complain. I'm generally very complacent, easily impressed and overall try to see the best in every situation. But this? This was absolutely ridiculous.

I too used the groupon coupon for desperate house maids. Never. Ever. Ever again will I be using their services. After three phone calls I was finally given a tentative date in which I could redeem my cleaning services - a month from the day that I called. I was told that due to a heavy volume and huge response from the groupon site, that was the best they could do. Fine. I was told that if I didn't hear from them, they would be there on such and such date. That date came and went. I didn't hear from them, and nobody showed up (I should mention I had to take half a personal day from work as I wasn't comfortable with them in my place alone for the first time and they do not work evenings, early mornings or weekends - and nobody showed up).
I called back (unsucessfully). After three messages, and a week gone by, someone got back to me. They apologized for the mistake and said the appointment was never officially scheduled, but they could come in two weeks. Again, the best they could do.
They showed up a week early, without warning, as I was on my way out the door. I had not prepared, tidied etc... but fine. They were there, finally, so I was happy. Luckily my boyfriend happened to have the day off, and could be there to ensure that everything went smoothly.
After about an hour, they attempted to leave. My boyfriend pointed out that we had paid for two hours, and that they hadn't even vacuumed yet. They agreed to stay a little bit longer, but stated that their vacuum had broken the night before. At this point he put up a bit of a fuss and questioned how you could have a cleaning service without having a vacuum. They apologized and agreed to come back the next day to finish up the job and vacuum.
The next day they did not show up.
After calling, they apologized yet again claiming that ""something came up"" and said they would come back and finish the job that they had started two days earlier. They came (an hour late), stayed for no longer than 5 minutes, and took off again. 
Never. Ever. Ever again will I be using their services.
On top of the incredibl headache, the unprofessionalism, and the waste of my time, the job that was done was not even remotely impressive. I'm incredibly dissapointed. If I could give zero stars, I would.",1.0
Probably the worst Chinese food I've ever had. The chicken is not grilled it's more like boiled soft. True teriyaki chicken is supposed to be grilled. The chow mein noodles are big and fat kind of reminds me of fettuccine pasta.. If you already have a favorite Chinese place in town trust me and stick to what u know. Don't try this place you will not like it at all.,1.0
"It was destiny that led me to this supermarket. Let me start by saying, i was looking for a yogurt starter online. I used to order online in the past but i needed one asap, so i googled the brand and one of the stores that carry it was Yummy Market. I went and to my surprise, found my dream grocery store. (If there's a thing as such) 
First, its has a cafe serving Illy coffee. I used to appreciate longos with a starbucks inside the store, and the  that has a cup holder. Here at Yummy, is an actual sit down cafe that serves fresh pastries, espresso, tea and gelato. Why would i not want to be there at 8am on a cold winter day? The americano is calling my name. So ever since I've discovered this gem, it became a ritual for me to get up early and grab a cuppa joe and relax before i shop.
Second, the wall to wall cheese and smoked meats section is the bomb. I've never seen so many options for cheese and meats. 
Third, their produce are fresh and good quality and are not overpriced. They even have black radish! 
Fourth, the meats are of good quality, from chicken to pork and beef.
Fifth, the smoked fish and the pickled veggies. 
Sixth, tons of chocolate choices.
Seventh, fresh breads baked in house
Eight, plain old good customer service. When you ask one staff for help, they actually stop what they're doing and walk you to the correct aisle. 
I guess fate had it for me to find Yummy",4.0
Wish I could give zero.  Dental primadonnas and staff that make you feel bad for not flossing.,1.0
"Everyone here complains about the price...and yes, your going to get a little sticker shock for what looks like a mall food court.  However, this is not Panda Express, and you will not need your Chipotleaway for this meal.  It's the MGM, the nations largest hotel and tourist trap and my meal here (with double chicken and noodles) still comes in for about $19.  I've been charged more for breakfast at the MGM Diner.  

Just take a look at your other options...you've got $5 slices of bad pizza, or you can dare to eat McD's or Nathans.  The bowl of ice cream at Haagen Dazs will likely do less damage to your body over those two fast food giants.

Back to Asian Fresh...lots of fresh veggies you pick out, quality chicken breast, and who doesn't like Stir Fry?  Filing and good, and plenty of selection with various meats, veggies, and other add ins available.  A nice spicy Kung Pao sauce too.

They do need to add some Brown Rice into the mix.  How that continues to get overlooked year after year still surprises me.",4.0
"Very horrible experience. I came here with a friend to get gel mani pedi and they started with both mani and pedi at the same time even though we didn't ask for it and we were definitely not in a hurry. The guys working on me seemed to be impatient and did a very poor job. I had to almost get my entire manicure redone by the female up front, who was very accommodating and precise. Overall bad experience and I'll be not returning for sure.",1.0
"I came here the friday after Christmas with an intimate group of friends, and I was absolutely smitten with the place. The owners were fantastic, the staff were friendly and knowledgeable. 

The food was impecable, the drinks were great and basically personalized to taste. We all sent our drinks and food around the table a couple times. We enjoyed the 3 way bruschetta (you can't go wrong with any, as long as you love cheese!),  portebello and balsalmic pizzette, ,pesto and shrimp pizzette, the lobster mac and cheese, and the rabbit ravioli. Dessert included cherry bourboun icecream/smoked porter float, and the chocolate bread pudding. Drinks were many, and merry. The deconstructed coffee was a table favorite though, I highly recommend it! An A++ place, and I bet with happy hour, it's not even worth going anywhere else! It's really nice to enjoy a chef owned restaurant in a part of town that is riddled with corporate establishments.

Go and try it! You will not be disappointed! Do it now!",5.0
"(Lyrics - James Blunt - You're Beautiful)

The food is excellent
My mouth is full
I saw a wine list
Of that I'm sure

She smiled at me as I ordered
She had many patrons at hand
But they won't lose me as a customer 
Cause I'm a big fan

Nosh Arizona, Nosh Arizona
Nosh Arizona, it's cool
I saw your place in a magazine space
And I thought I'd go to you
Cause I'll always be coming back to you

Nosh=to eat food enthusiastically or greedily.  Indeed, I'm guilty of this heinous deed!  However, I have to say I was damn hungry!  I came with a gal pal and we sat at the kitchen bar.  Nosh is definitely a cute setting and relaxing atmosphere.  Located in Chandler it's a rare find!  

We ordered...well I should say I ordered the Apple Gorgonzola pizza to share or not!  Needless to say scarfed it down!  The sweetness of the cheeses meshed well with the saltiness of the maple bacon while the hint of bitterness came from the arugula.  Yummy yummy yummy indeed!

They have a nice wine list, but I'm a beer guy so had to get my favorite Magic Hat.  Overall, great dine and wine place and with some live music this place would pop! - Enjoy!",4.0
This crappie place ruined our day. I would have given no star or even a negative mark if I had the option.,1.0
Amazing food and great serVice! It's a smaller local restaurant with authentic food! The atmosphere is great and the drinks are even better! This is a place I will definitely be returning to!,5.0
"I heard this was a place where you could get Middle Eastern Cuisine, so I thought I would give it a try. I love Lebanese food and I have not found a place on the West Coast that knows how to make shawarma. I was hoping this place did...nope. First of all you need to have the machine to rotate and cook the lamb. The meat does not taste the same on the grill. Then you need to have a panini grill to toast the sandwich after you roll it up. I still have to go back to Dearborn, Michigan to get a good shawarma sandwich.

That being said, I will say they have a cool little hookah lounge. They have nice drink menu and food menu as well. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. I just want a real shawarma sandwich!! I think the owners are Israeli, so that would explain the different style of some of the cooking. They make shawarma sandwiches way different. The food is going to vary from country to country in the Middle East, but it's all basically the same stuff.

Anyways, the place looked clean and the food is good. I would recommend trying it out.",4.0
"This is a great place if you're a hearty eater. They give you tons of (average tasting) food at a very reasonable price. For about 8 dollars a person, you can eat as much as your heart desires. The food came out of the kitchen pretty quick too, as per many Chinese restaurants.

But I should warn you that it's extremely loud in here. You won't be able to carry a conversation with whomever you're dining with. Also, like many Chinese restaurants, the service is on the bad side. Getting a new jug of tea took about 10 minutes for the staff.

If you want a lot of decent-mediocre Chinese food at a very good price, come right in. If you're looking for a quality dining experience... you shouldn't be eating at a Chinese joint.",4.0
"Don't come on family day, crazy busy plus seems like they don't know where the orders are. One table waited 2 hours for rice and the pickup orders aren't ready wait times.for.pickup are over 40 minutes if you are unlucky.",2.0
"Been here a few times and the food and beer selections are vast.  Never had a bad meal or service.  Being a sports bar theme you must be okay and prepared for loud patrons who are watching their favorite teams, especially on SAT and SUN.  Overall four stars",4.0
"We received great service on both visits.  He first was at 3:00a.m!   Food was fresh as well.  We would definitely go back for the rice crispy treats, fruit cups, and drinks",4.0
Food was ok.  Just your generic restaurant.  Feels like an upscale version of Applebee's. Save your money.  Service was friendly,3.0
Great food and our server Lotus was wonderful.   Would highly recommend this place.  Everyone at our table loved their food,5.0
Always helpful!  Has everything you need for the office and customer service is great!,5.0
"Usually I avoid places where it costs to park (only in AZ). However I decided to check this place out during lunch. I sat at the bar, ordered a drink, and asked for recommendations. The bartender was extremely helpful and courteous, his recommendation on food choice was spot on. Will definitely be returning.",4.0
"Stayed the weekend in Pheonix and went twice. The beef short rib stew w/ cornbread is the best meal I've had in a long time. Incredible flavor. The chef deserves the Nobel prize for the corn bread. Also tried the pretzel bites w/ cheese dip which were delicious as well, but the stew cannot be beat.",5.0
"Let me list the pros and cons. 

PRO: $35 mani pedi. Vicki was great! My nails came out terrific and she was friendly. She even fixed my toe when I messed it up. 

CONS: the massage chairs are not fit for small people. They didn't explain how to use it. I just pressed buttons. They do offer drinks but they don't have a drink menu or tell you the prices. I could pay for a wine or soda, but just the option to know your prices. Same with the manicure and pedicure - no price menu. They just told us the prices. The nail bar was crowded and some of the chairs did not work. I've never been to a nail salon so busy before. I would recommend making an appointment. I'm not sure if these people are returning customers or first time customers. Our manicurists didn't even say goodbye to us. They just moved on to the next customer.",2.0
I am super happy there is one of these close to home. They have super slow service and that is why I cant give this a 5 stars but they just opened and working out the kinks still so I want to give them so room to grow. The food is still high quality and tastes great! The pizza is super fun to make from all the different combinations that are available. I like being able to watch what is occurring with the building of the pie too! The salads look great as well but I need to check that out next time!,4.0
"Spoke to a manager and they resoled this situstion.  Very satisfied.

Used to be my favorite store.  Went to the Clinique counter, probably spent $100.00 at this counter monthly. .  When I arrived on 2/3/14,  I asked for my items and then showed a  VIP card I received in the mail for a free full sized moisturizer, beginning 2/3/14I was first asked, 'is this card for Dillards"" when I showed that it was, sales girl told me well we ran out, the card clearly states while supplies last.""  While I get promotions to bring you in, her rudness was not needed.  Strike three you are out.  I will spend my money on the countless of Clinique counters in Las Vegas/Henderson.",3.0
"Place was clean. Everything tasted fresh (except the sweet tea). The fries didn't have much flavor, BUT they were very clearly real potatoes, not processed. I didn't exactly care for what I'd ordered, but it wasn't bad - just not my thing, I guess. We did get some prepared shrimp-stuffed portobello  mushrooms which I baked for dinner and they were DIVINE. I'm planning on going back to try different dishes.",3.0
"I ordered take out from this place last week when I was stressed and feeling pretty stationary. I'd like to mention a caveat that I am rating this 5 star not because it's the best Indian restaurant I have tried, but because this is as good as it gets when it comes to Indian food in Toronto. I have been on the hunt for legitimate south indian food since I have moved here and this is the first time I've tasted anything close to it. I am so excited even writing about it and thinking of the smell of all of those spices. I ordered the Madras Goat and it was delicious. I'm so happy with this place I will definitely come back for more.

Also, their delivery system is so convenient. You can order online and set the time when you want them to show up (they even have lunch delivery, which is pretty freaking awesome).",5.0
So far it's horrible...their house salad taste like a salad you would get if you went to a wedding and pre ordered your food two months ahead. Everything is just very stale tasting. They give you this dry ass dinner roll that's cold and hard...no wonder why there's a lot of old people in here.,1.0
"My buddy Wes has been raving about this place for a while.  I've never been a huge snowcone person so I didn't really see the big deal.  On the way home from a Beerfest we ended up stopping and I couldn't believe the line.  Not only was there a line but there were multiple couples that were dressed up for Prom.  And they were stopped at a snowcone shack?  Yes, they were!

This place is no joke and was one of the best, if not the best, snowcones I've ever had.  I can't quite remember the combination of flavors I got (see beerfest) but I know that the Tiger's Blood was in there somewhere.  There was just something about the flavor and the cream they used that made this snowcone amazing!  I'm glad I finally stopped in and even happier that I live less than 5 minutes away.",4.0
"All you can eat sushi? Um yes please! This place was awesome and it was nice to get away from the strip for a little while. Service was great as well. We had an assortment of rolls, orange blossom, lobster crunch, and salmon killer. All of them very flavorful, excellent way to end our Vegas trip. 
Thanks Umiya!",5.0
"You get 90 minutes to eat as much sushi and other types types of Asian foods. The sushi you get to eat is SOOO fresh and made with lots of love. You can actually watch the sushi chefs going to town as they make all the sushi you ask for. This is the perfect place to try the expensive sushi you've been wanting to try but have not been able to. The sashimi was on point. The udon? Delicious. The samgyupsal (pork belly) was ridiculously good. 

Literally one of or possibly the best AYCE sushi places I've had. Will def. be coming back!!!",4.0
"I can understand a lot of the reviews here. As far as my experience is concerned, I think 3 stars is fair. But, I'm leaning more towards 2.5 stars.

This place used to be the old sushi Kaizen. Never been to that one so I would have nothing to compare it too.

Came here with a pretty large group, and suffice to say, the service was excellent. The server did a great job taking the orders and made sure that each person got the correct dish, even while she was taking care of other tables as well. I also liked how we were able to order from the runners and bussers when she was busy.

Food wise, everything was mediocre to OK. One thing I had to mention was that the rice wasn't really good, it tasted like it had been refrigerated or undercooked. It was weird. The fish quality tasted average at best. As many of people have mentioned, they make the rolls and nigiri pretty fast here, but presentation isn't really their strong suit. And, they are pretty heavy handed with the sauces. I did like the chicken katsu roll, something that I have never had before. But, don't be fooled by the miso or tonkatsu ramen that is on the menu. It isn't late night Goyemon's. I ordered the miso ramen and it was their regular miso soup with instant ramen noodles LOL.

I definitely like trying new AYCE sushi spots. But at this place, I would have to probably have to put it in my mid to lower range spots.",3.0
"I came here not too long ago based on the Yelp reviews.  The wait was long (1 hour+), the service was terrible and the fries were cold.  The burger was just okay.  

I hate to say this, but I feel like you can get a better burger at In N Out on Tropicana.  

Honestly, I wanted to love Burger Bar.  I just... didn't.

Oh yeah... and the bathroom is SUPER FAR away from the restaurant.  You have to go out the back door, down a long corridor and then sort of find your way there.  It was a pain going back and... it was a little scary to be in that hallway all alone!",2.0
"Surprisingly this was a great lunch find! 

I came with my co-workers for a birthday celebration. We had the choice of either the buffet or menu options. The buffet comes with your choice of salad, choice of two meats, veggies and desserts. The menu options included salads, wings and sandwiches. 

I went with the Cobb salad. It came with blue cheese, crumbled bacon, egg, tomatoes, avocado and chicken with blue cheese dressing. 

When it arrived I was blown away by the size. That thing was huge! I was very impressed that they were not skimpy with the toppings either! They piled on all my favorites and the homemade blue cheese dressing brought it all together!

I can see this being in my regular lunch rotation especially since there are several other salads I'm looking forward to trying...and let's not forget about giving that buffet a try!",4.0
"Went here due to the mailer we received for BOGO. We ordered the Jack Daniels ribs, steak and shrimp, and wings to start us off. The food was good and the service was acceptable. Nothing really stood out as excellent, and I don't see us returning anytime soon. I would agree with Scott that the service is at times ""lacking"", but we didn't choke on any steak so I think somewhere between 2-3 stars is right.",3.0
"Wow, incredible service, fantastic food and great ambiance.  We had Spinach Gnocchi, Carpaccio, Calamari and New York Strip all exceeded expectations.  Desert was Warm Chocolate cake with Pistachio ice cream and Cheesecake.  Highly recommend as a date spot, just a get together or special event.  Well worth it!",5.0
"So excited to have found this place! As we geared up to renovate one bathroom, we were amazed at how affordable we could get vanities, pre-cut granite, sinks, faucets, toilets, etc! We ended up buying to renovate two bathrooms and still paid only half of the money we budgeted. We'll definitely be back when we get to the third bathroom in a few months. 
Friendly, knowledgeable staff and great product selection!!",5.0
"Hands down the best Thai in Arizona! And I am a Thai food connoisseur. Awesome food. Great, friendly staff. Short wait time. Nice atmosphere. Fast cooking time. Mainly order for take out, but they provide great dine in service as well.",5.0
"The hostess had an attitude...but our waiter was great. The food was pricey but amazing and the views are phenomenal..unlike anything in Vegas! The elevator view going up was worth the prices alone. Totally worth going, especially if you're staying at the Rio (we were).. the French onion soup was delicious & my friends loved the rib eye.. I would definitely recommend it!",5.0
"The View is amazing, and adds a romantic ambiance to the overall dinning experience. Our servers were very attentive without hovering, we got a bottle of wine, which they kept chilled at the bar for us. We got the lump crab & artichoke dip, which was delicious, and a very ample portion, so much so I opted for a salad and soup for dinner (pathetic I know while at a steak house, but the boyfriend let me try some of his steak). The wedge salad was pretty standard, good dressing, but had 2 pieces of almost whole bacon, not crumbled. The French onion soup was fabulous, cheese was nice and crispy on top, and a good amount of onions. The boyfriend got the Ribeye, perfectly cooked to medium, and nice grill marks and a juicy center. We will be back.",4.0
"Came here with the family after the UFC fight on a Saturday night late (!!), luckily this was the type of place bypasses by most of the UFC crowd.  Somewhat randomly chosen but a nice find: sticks right out into the center of the MGM so you feel the open space.  The menu was a mix of comfort food and creative experiments: fun for the foodie and the grubby eater.  I was drawn to the most unusual combination of the burger with peanut butter, bacon jam, and potato chips, which proved to be less obnoxious than it sounds--the taste combo was fairly subtle and unified without too much of the extra ingredients and a nice crunchy, toasty, burnt taste that wasn't too overwhelming.   Great service (except forgetting one person's dish entirely---but then we got it fast and for free).",4.0
You must order Brisket benedict!! Always makes us happy after a good tasting meal.  Their brunch menu Lobster corndog was amazingly soft and moist. This place never disappoints us. Their coffee was even good. Will definitely be back again next time we r in Vegas.,5.0
My husband and I decided to try this place for our Christmas dinner considering its holidays with short staff we waited for over an hour ( no reservations) but we are so disappointed about this place.  it's a butcher/ restaurant style and they sell raw nice looking tomahawk rib eye steaks etc but it is definitely NOT a Steakhouse :(  they serve their steaks like those midnight deals for $7.99 steak and eggs in Vegas it's was 1/2 thick and was serve well done when we asked for medium .... Don't come here if you are looking for a nice thick juicy steak,2.0
"Have been waiting for the Hook and Hoof to open for months now and we finally got to go last night.  What a treat and welcome addition to Lake County dining.  We sat at the Chef's window and enjoyed watching the kitchen preparations.  It also allows you to see the food before you place your order and we really loved that.  The star for us was the appetizer, smoked clams and mussels in coconut milk broth.  I do not normally eat clams, but these were so tender and flavorful, I could not get enough of them.  
I also had the fish chowder and creamed kale which were also very tasty.  My husband had the pork chop and he raved about that dish as well.

Our server was very nice and helpful when asked questions.  My only complaint was I requested my soup and side to come out when my husband's entree was served, but it came out about 15 minutes before. When the pork chop did come out, I asked for it to be reheated.  They took it back and prepared a new one totally.  (Being at the chef's window, I saw it being done). Kudos for that.The kitchen was a bit backed up but being in the first month of opening, this is understood. We got to meet Hunter and Chaz, the co-owners, who were very interested in how things went. 
We will definitely be back soon and look forward to trying more dishes. I do not eat beef or pork, so I am very happy that there are several seafood choices and well as vegetarian options.",5.0
"So let's chat.  There's a really great ambiance to his place and overall, they delivered on what they look like.  Gorgeous people served me good food and beer, and all is well with the world.

So let's get into the details of the service:

1.  Friendly greeting at the door,  but slowish attentiveness once seated.  A couple of bad taps later, and it was 20 minutes before I had a drink in hand.

2.  Chicken sandwich was excellent, very fresh.  More Siracha would have given this sandwich the kick it needed.

3.  Really healthy vibe in the room,  but quiet enough to hear friends around me.  They've got the atmosphere down.

4.  The torte wasn't a torte.  It's a cake, not remotely a torte.  Lots of whipped cream and unnecessary crap on the plate (cherry on top, really?) but the waitress was honest about the source of it (they import their dessert).  Not thrilling to experience.

Overall, I like the place.  It's a tap house, and meets what I expect from the name.  Let's tighten down some details and aim for five stars.",4.0
"I'm not big on buffets and have never been to the same one twice. Especially in or near Vegas since there is a large variety to choose from and for the most part, if you've seen one, you've seen them all. However, the buffet at the M Resort is different, and you'll want to go back! 

The food appears and has a better taste of quality compared to other buffets I've tried. In addition, they have a larger selection of creative dishes, of many types of cuisines, rather than the just the standards you'd expect to see (although they do have those too). All impressive to me considering the amount of food they turn out each day. 

I'm a vegetarian so never really feel as if I get my money's worth going to buffets but I was completely satisfied here... I actually overdid it! Check it out!",5.0
"Rather short line but long wait, busy place.

I just search for buffet restaurants inn Las Vegas and Studio B did not show up.  So I did the search for Henderson, NV (the actual location) and it still didn't display.  Whatever.

We got there at 6pm on the Tuesday after the Memorial Day holiday.  The non-priority queue was just two segments of the maze but it took 45 minutes until we were seated.  I'm not an experienced L.V. buffet goer, but this seemed nearly intolerably slow.  It would have probably been less than 10 minutes in the priority line.

Their system for seating people seemed very primitive/inefficient.  There were a few vacant tables and a computerized table tracking/management system would have helped make the line move more quickly.  Such a system must exist.  It should be less complex than the systems used by waiters submit orders and produce checks in restaurants with menus.  We were passing through and fortunately had six hours before our flight out.

The food mostly seemed to be of good quality and fresh.  If you think something isn't so great, there is so much else to choose from.  I especially liked the ox tail soup.  It is a bit of work.  The meat is still attached to the bone.  I suggest putting the meat on a plate to remove the morsels of meat from the bone and then putting the meat back into the delicious broth.

I almost never give much credence to dessert offerings.  But, I make a big exception here.  I was planning on my normal fresh fruit for a light dessert.  Then I walked by the very long dessert buffet.  It wasn't just the huge selection, but that most were served in quite small portions.  You could sample a half dozen different things without feeling like a glutton and over stuffing your stomach.  Still you need a modicum of restraint not to over indulge.  I like variety with quality in a buffet and don't go for quantity as many do.

The free beer, wine, and hard cider make this probably the best value in town.  The wholesale price of wine and beer doesn't mean that it costs them a lot but it is quite a savings over normal highly inflated by the glass or bottle in a restaurant price.  The retail price of the wine they serve usually sells for about $12 for a 1.5 liter bottle.  The red wine was quite drinkable.  I didn't try the white wine because it is chardonnay and I don't like the excessive woodyness of most domestic chardonnays.  

The location was fine for us since we were just passing through and I didn't want to have to deal with a possible traffic jam around the Strip.

Overall though, my memory from six years ago at Le Village Buffet in Paris, Las Vegas is more favorable.  Not considering the difference in food, I don't remember the noise level at Le Village to be as high as that at Studio B.  Some may like the ""high energy"" of Studio B but it almost seemed like a relief when we left the restaurant and walked onto the casino floor!  Probably would chance Le Village when years later I'm in or passing through Vegas.  I just find the incessant audio and visual assault on my senses to be very unpleasant.",4.0
"My favorite buffet in Las Vegas (although it is in Henderson)!  The crab legs are delicious, the variety is fantastic, deserts are pretty tasty, and the staff is super friendly!

My husband and I would go at least once a month and told all our friends about it.  We tried other buffets, including the boasted Rio, but none of them were as good as the M.

The wait can be a bit much so try to get there early!",5.0
"For the price, it's good. The food is ok, the sushi is so bad though. The rice is so hard and chewy. Bleh...I do like the Ox Tail soup, the chicken and beef sliders, and prime rib are ok. 
We keep coming back because it's relatively cheaper than the high end buffets on the strip. We also like to stop by before we check in to our hotel. 
It's easy to get in and out of this place, the line isn't so long, and the parking isn't so bad.",3.0
"Extremely Disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the buffet was decent. But I went in there expecting it to be on Par/better with/than the Wynn and it definitely wasn't. The Prime rib was rough, dry and tasteless. They didn't have Alaskan king crab, Most of the food was dry and just seemed to be whipped up fast with no love at all. The only foods i enjoyed and got seconds of were the BBQ ribs, pastas, and chicken in spinach sauce (whatever its called). The gelato was alright, nothing special (chocolate mint was the one i liked) 

Wouldn't drive 20 mins to get to this place again unless some how they comp me without me gambling there ;)",3.0
"Most amazing restaurant in Scottsdale! Love the friendly and exceptional service, especially Gary!  Food is consistently fantastic and always on-point. Recommend to everyone. :)",5.0
"$5 HH deals on cocktails! The food was really delicious too. If I lived closer, I would come more. The patio and location cant be beat.",5.0
"I really enjoyed this restaurant.  It exceeded my expectations in every metric:  The staff was knowledgeable in their beer and wine selection, the waiter was able to provide information on how the food is prepared and about the flavor combinations.  The servers were attentive, and the food lived up to the waiter's boasts.",5.0
"Great airport!   Very clean.  Nicely decorated...weird point but they have park like settings.  Tons of restaurants and stores.  

Free WiFi sucks...but most airports do.  Just too many people.  Lots of charging stations and plenty of seating while you wait.

Airport itself is laid out very well with clear signs pointing you to where you need to be both inside and outside.   Wish all airports were this nice.",5.0
"This isn't my home airport so I'm always just flying through but it's definitely one of my favorites. The rocking chairs alone make it memorable but I also love the occasional live music from the grand piano in the central area. Food is meh, Starbucks is essential, and the moving walkways are fun/helpful except when people can't read the directions. Bank of America ATMs all over the place and several shops to help kill time between connections.",4.0
"This place is huge. Why is this place so big? The place is also clean and has rocking chairs near the center. Lots of restaurants and shopping to fill in your layover time. 

If you can't walk wait for the golf cart cars to pick you up, they're everywhere. 

*free wifi is only for 45 minutes",5.0
"Great airport. Clean, lots of food options, easy to get around and from terminal to terminal without much hassle. I flew to and from an international destination the last time I flew through, and it was a quick and simple experience getting through customs and immigration. The only thing I didn't like was that we were spit out from customs back by the check in desks and had to go through regular security yet again to get back in the airport.

Oh yeah, and they scanned my body :(",4.0
"I've been to 5th and Wine and loved the ambience.  So, I decided to try out Humble Pie and was greatly fulfilled!! Having studied abroad in Florence, I KNOW GOOD PIZZA!!!!  I know tastes vary from person to person, but in my opinion it was very well done!!!  We ordered the garlic fries and goat cheese roasted red pepper pizza.  Needless to say, NOTHING WAS LEFT ON THE TABLE!!!  I will be going back very soon to try the Pizza Cookie!!! ;)",5.0
"So we are visiting from San Antonio, TX came here for a quick bite to eat. The 1st night it was great.... Great food good service. Today lets just say... Left much to be desired. The food was great the service could if used a tune up. The waiter gave us attitude because we asked for individual checks. Told us he had other tables and was busy. I'm sorry my money is good you should earn your tip!",2.0
"Very punctual professional and courteous. I hope I never need them again but if I do, I'll definitely use them again. They just finished my repair a few hours ago and did not go over the quoted amount. Ask for Clint! He'll hook you up.",5.0
"I have to say that Pullano's Pizza is one of the best places to get pizza and wings in Glendale. They give you so many toppings to choose from and a huge variety of wings as well. The service and atmosphere is pretty good, and they keep the bar and dining area separated so you can bring the whole family. I highly recommend the place if you are in the area and want to have a few drinks, and eat lots of delicious pizza and wings.",5.0
"Went once for the $39 intro massage deal they had. It felt like an assembly line. The therapist must have been straight out of massage school and seemed unsure as to what she was doing. The therapist tended to use deep pressure over nerves and too light of a touch over the muscles. I tried to give her feedback when she was too deep or too shallow, but this just seemed to confuse her.
I have had way more effective massages at massage schools (such as SWIHA or Spa Pima) than the one I received here and at a lower cost than this intro one time rate. They try and talk you into buying a membership. Parking is very tight with surrounding business competing for too few parking spaces.",2.0
"As a big time procrastinator of scheduling doctor's appointments, I had not been to the dentist in quite some time, until recently. My past experiences taught me to strongly dislike and even fear the dentist, but that has all been wiped away with my first visit to Dr. Rosenblitt's office.

I work next door to the Leader building, so I looked on Yelp for dentists in the area. Upon seeing such positive reviews of Dr. Rosenblitt's office, I was sold.

I had a good experience for a few reasons. First of all, it was very easy to get an appointment. I called and a couple days later went in. After my appointment, the receptionist also scheduled me for my next six-month cleaning. Second, the hygienist, Mark, was very personable, kind and helpful. We spent a lot of time chatting as he took some X-rays and cleaned my teeth. He was very careful and offered helpful advice. Finally, Dr. Rosenblitt was also very nice and attentive. He made sure to connect and gave me the opportunity to ask questions, which I appreciated. I felt heard and taken care of, which can be rare in the medical world.

Overall, a very positive experience - and I would never have expected to say that about the dentist! I will highly recommend Dr. Rosenblitt's office to anyone looking for a new dentist.",5.0
"First visit here and it was a great experience!  Brought 2 small dogs, left them there for a few hours I was able to do errands while they were being taken care of.  Staff was nice. Good prices too!  Will be back in a few months!",5.0
"The staff seem friendly which is all good and well but the actual service there leaves much to be desired. 

I booked my bike in for a service and as others have mentioned it takes a while before your bike can be serviced which is fine - if they tell you you have to wait and you're willing to then it's all good. BUT when it came to the actual day for me to pick up my bike they said that they were going to ring when it was ready - so I waited but no one rang. I went to see them the next day and they were like ""it's not been started on, we had a really busy day yesterday"". So what really p***ed me off was the fact that they scheduled me one week in advance, had my bike for two whole days (I gave them my bike on the morning of the previous day) and still weren't able to schedule their mechanic's time in order to get me my bike when they said that they were going to and didn't have the courtesy to give me a call to tell me that it was going to be late! If you've scheduled something so far in advance you should be able to deliver. If you're not going to be able to deliver the least you could do is give me a call to tell me that it's going to be late!

After I got my bike back there were also other issues. The brakes weren't aligned properly and so there was quite a bit of chaffing. I had my crankset changed because I had complained that the gears weren't changing as crisply as used to and while they did replace my crankset they didn't re-align my derailer properly so there was a lot of ""clicking"" noises. It was almost as if because they were so busy, they'd rushed the job, still completed it late and botched it up. If you're going to complete a job late the least you can do is to complete it well!",2.0
"Sunday night we decided to have dinner with a couple friends at STK located at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas. Let me tell you, it was probably the strangest dinner I have ever been to. I felt like I was in some type of music video or commercial. The patrons and servers were so over saturated with enthusiasm that there had to be a director near by yelling ""action"" from the top of his lungs! I mean, he had to yell because you couldn't hear your own thoughts over the music the DJ had streaming over every table and like clockwork he had an ultra-annoying horn blow ever few minutes. As if that were not enough, every few seconds there was a voice reminding us that the guy controlling the sounds was a ""world-class DJ."" There were girls fist-pumping, servers dancing while pouring wine, and people grinding between tables. I think I actually rubbed my eyes to make sure I was not dreaming! I grew up in Vegas, by way of the military (my dad was in the Air Force). I don't know if Las Vegas has always been like this or I can now see how semi-cheesy it is... Whatever the case, people were having fun and that was nice. More pics on my blog",3.0
I am not even a fan of meat and I love this place!  I would say a bit more upscale from the Gordon Ramsay's but I really can't say one is better than the other. GR was more rock n roll club. this is more dj -ish. Still all of it amazing!!  Thanks to the guy in the blue suit paying for our drinks!,5.0
"I'm a huge fan of Jimmy John's.  In fact, when I was at the Starbuck's next door a number of months ago and I inquired as to what was going in next door and they told me Jimmy John's, I squealed...literally.  

Well, they finally opened.  I'm hoping they're just getting over some new location issues but it's been a few weeks now and today they've stumbled more than ever before.  Placing orders takes longer than usual their credit card machines move slower than they did in the 90's.  The last time we were there my husband got a pickle and it was covered in white ""goop"", if you will.  Picture it.  Needless to say, my husband didn't eat it.  Today I used their app to place an order on my way home from work.  I got there to pick it up but because everything was running so slow despite there being just one family in there when I arrived, it took just as long so placing the order in advance saved me absolutely no time.  Hopefully as things move along they get more in their game.",3.0
"Soooo bad for you (obviously, because it's poutine!), but oh so good! The place itself is obviously nothing fance, but if you just want a yum poutine, go! Smoke's will not disappoint! Triple pork poutine is simply amazing! Note: Their large size is super large, I shared it with a friend and we barely finished it!",4.0
"I want to really like this place. The owners are on site and I try my best to support small business and avoid big chains when possible. 

The service was always great but the inconsistency in food quality was always disappointing especially when the owner works the line. Everything leaving the kitchen should be as ordered. 

Not a bad location but the consistency and quality can be much better.",3.0
I just moved to Las Vegas and went to My for the first time tonight for a manicure. I am extremely picky and it was one of the best I have had in a very long time. She takes her time and does a beautiful job! Highly recommend,5.0
I give this place a 3 because it took forever to get our food. we waited over an hour and we only had 4 people in our party. the food was very good and the staff was friendly.,3.0
Just moved to the Cleveland area and have been looking for a new barber. Glad to say that the search is over. Ron was exceptionally polite and mindful of my hair needs. I would highly recommend this place.,5.0
"I came into this charming cafe with my cousin who lives in the neighborhood. This is her go-to place for dinner and eats here almost every week. I can see why. 

a) The menu changes frequently. Not sure exaclty how frequently, but I went twice in a span of about 3 weeks and the menu had already changed. Very important if you are planning on eating there often.

b) everything is delicious!! 

c) it's romantic, but homely. not intimidating at all. 

d) the service is great

4 STARS! It's just a tad more expensive than  cooking at home :)",4.0
"I am a new patient at this dentist office. The entire staff isn't just professional, they make you feel like you are a part of the family. Always 100% completely honest in what needs to actually be done and what doesn't. I had a lot of work done today that I have been putting off for years. Dr Jay did a great job no took all of my concerns into consideration. Can't see myself going anywhere else!",5.0
I have tried this place several times and the last visit was the last straw. I will not go back. I waited and hour and they gave me some new that did a poor job polishing my nails. They took so long I couldn't wait to fix it because I had an appointment. I have had another nail tech who hurts my fingers when putting on gel nails. The cost I pay didn't impress me for product or service.,2.0
"Great restaurant. Spectacular wine list with amazing prices. If you are a wine person this place is a must. Food is very good, very authentic.  I will be going again.",5.0
"I've tried it all. As a red head growing up in Southern California, I've tried every kind of tanning option on the market. Bronze Bar is the best there is for value, color, health and availability. It's a win. I've been a customer that goes weekly since 2013 and will continue to go there for years to come!",5.0
Celebrated our anniversary with a staycation at the Palazzo. We went here for dinner and had eaten here before. It impressed us again. I asked them to make us Parmesan steak fries cooked in truffle oil. They went iron chef on us and obliged without a question! Great meal all the way around!,4.0
We have eaten here every time we are in vegas.Consistently top notch food drinks and desserts.Felt like a king and queen for 2 hours. Cannot say one bad thing about this place . Emeril has it down to a fine art! You will not be disappointed!,5.0
"The service here is remarkable, It's unfortunate that one of the reviews I read stated otherwise. 
Our wait staff was amazing, we never had to ask for anything the staff of what seemed like four per table was very attentive. Our main waiter could have been the Rock's double  (extra star for having a very cute waiter) 
Now on to the great food

Starter: Prime beef and beer cheese fondue homemade sea salt soft pretzels, these were sinful and as good as they sound.

Entree: Grilled chicken, rock Shrimp over linguini,  artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes, toasted pine nuts and vodka cream sauce (decadent sauce, excellent flavor)

Dessert:  Regretfully nothing (no room, no way)

The meal was great, the setting very comfortable, and the staff from the front ot the house to the back, top notch!",5.0
"Caveat: I don't drink coffee (gasp!) so I'll be commenting on every aspect but that. Read other reviews if you want to know how the coffee is.

The biggest selling point of this place is that it's open late. Yes it has free wifi, but forgive me for being underwhelmed, considering that pretty much every coffee shop that doesn't have a green logo does. Even then, their obnoxious password system resulted in problems getting the wifi working on my iPhone.
The indoor seating arrangement is odd, which has left me feeling uncomfortable if I don't get one of the few seats I like. The outdoor seating is nice, but you won't last long in the evening if you dislike smoke nor in the day if you dislike ducks.
Some fools who go here see fit to feed the ducks, which during the day results in ducks coming to you begging for food and crapping nearing your feet. And god help you if you kick them way, you'll have to suffer the disdainful looks of the high school girls who often congregate here.
The various non-coffee/tea drinks I've tried aren't good. They're usually just a blend of ice, some sort of syrup or soda, and (depending on what you order) milk. A little fresh fruit, or frozen fruit, or any sort of 'real' ingredient, would go a long way. Instead they seem concerned with making these drinks as cheaply as possible.
The baklava I only tried once, since it tasted like it had been sitting out way too long. It's possible I just had some on a bad day, but I won't be ordering it again unless I'm really craving baklava.
Most of the baristas are friendly, but a couple are real pr*cks who will wipe the smile off your face if you interact with them. I've also been harassed about ordering quickly, even in situations where the place is relatively empty. Sorry if I don't want to order and have my ice melt before the rest of my friends arrive!

As I said, the primary draws of this place is that it's open late and (for indie types) that it's not Starbucks. But as far as I'm concerned, that doesn't excuse the crappy non-coffee drinks and occasional unfriendliness I've experienced.",2.0
"One star for the novelty factor, one star for the friendly guys and girls making the ice cream. Very novel idea of choosing your ice-cream from start to finish and making it fresh in front of you. That's all I've got to say that's positive. Beyond that - meh. The girl who took my order seemed bored (I get it, but please try to make an effort). The ice-cream was door-stop dense and curiously not that cold. The line was Looooooooonng. It took forevvvvvvverrrrr to get our ice-cream. And it was about 9pm on a cold, dark January night. Would I go back? no! There are much better, yummier, quicker and less expensive options in Scottsdale. It's a gimmicky place that draws you in because it looks cool. It's a  great location but the long lines and not- that-great-ice-cream don't make it worth a second visit. Been there done that.",2.0
"Great prices for AYCE, not too many options for vegetarian dishes, but the kamikaze avocado roll were delicious!!",4.0
"This place was great for me. The ladies here we really nice. Kim took great care in shaping my nails and was even more of a perfectionist about my design than I was. She took great time getting the design right. She made me feel okay about having all sorts of specifications about how I like my nails. Angel did my feet. She was super nice and did a really thorough job. I felt really comfortable there and will definitely be back next time I'm in town. 
    What I really loved was was just how nice everyone was. Sometimes you go into a new nail spot and they just make you feel like all they want is to be done with you. But here, they made me feel like I was a regular. And they clearly have lots of regulars, as many came and went while I was there. Just a very chill vibe. I wish I lived here in Vegas so that I could come to this spot regularly. 
      My nail shape was perfect BTW! The nails design wasn't quite perfect, but I think that has more to do with my polish choice and less to with skill. Especially since Kim took so much time to perfect them.... certain types of glitter make it a little difficult to get straight lines over but she did her best to make it happen. I've honestly never had someone take so much time to get it right. And she was so patient and all the while never once made me feel bad about how long it was taking.... and I've been to many nail spots that are just super rude about any specification or detail you point out needs to be fixed.... Kim NOT ONCE did that. She noticed details before I could even point them out. I couldn't say enough good things about them. I'd give 5 stars but I tend to save 5 stars for places I've been more than once so that I can vouch for consistency.",4.0
Went there and scenery may be nice to look at but service was so bad we left and saw about 8 others leave before we did.  Ashley was bar tending and if you weren't her friend you weren't getting any type of service. I'm in Vegas often for work and entertaining but would never bring a customer here that I want to take care of.,1.0
"Love their chashu. It is delicious and is served on a heated plate with candle underneath. 

Dimsum is delicious. Always packed. Long wait times.",5.0
"Absolutely great cheap and affordable place to get your car wash, you get 5 dollars off for checking into yelp. I would recommend coming here again to get your car washed. Pretty neat half mechanic shop/ half car wash. Owner is absolutely a nice gentleman, people here are great and friendly.",5.0
"This is the 3rd time eating Biaggio's food and have yet to be disappointed.  Today my wife and I shared a Greek salad as well as a (highly recommended) Philly Cheesesteak sandwich.  I walked out about $20 lighter (not including tip) and had THE BEST Philly Cheesesteak evah!!   The meat was quality (no gristle) and the mushrooms were abundant.   Imagine a hot, grilled, cheesy, mushroomy, sloppy steak sandwich.  Very flavorful without the salt.  Both salad and sandwich prepared without onions at our request.  We always feel welcomed to this community-minded establishment.   We now consider ourselves regulars.",5.0
"Biaggio is a boss. Food was excellent. Father was visiting from overseas, and he kept mentioning how great the pizza was during the meal, so much so that he claims this is the best pizza he's EVER had!

Biaggio even extended the courtesy of upgrading the pizza from a small to a medium. Eat here. You won't be disappointed. 

Thank you, Biaggio. Will be back when in LV!!",5.0
"Tried a different location today, 'delightful' experience. I did not have an appointment which wasn't an issue I was seated promptly after selecting a polish. Brian gently removed my existing acrylic and expertly applied a clean new full set. He listened carefully to my preferences and exceeded my expectations. Very happy with the shape, thickness, and NO nicks or cuts on the cuticles! 
Lovely, clean salon plenty of stations and spa chairs. The employees appeared to follow a well established process of sterilization and sanitation. I watched as they washed their own hands before and after each client. I've been to several salons that claim great sanitation, Delightful Nails actually executes it! 
I will return when ready for a fill and will try a pedi next visit.",5.0
On occasion they give good service but for the most part everyones rude and fries are stale. I hate this location and wouldn't come back if it wasn't for my son who of course like many children don't know any better and love McDonald's.,1.0
"I called for an appointment and Camille stayed open for me. She was wonderful!! She is super friendly, warm, and caring and I thought she did a beautiful job. Can't wait to go back!",5.0
"I've been going to Cookie's Salon for at least 2 years now, and hands down . . . or maybe hands up, she's the best in town! I love her salon; she gives the best chrome manicure ever! And, I love my pedis by Penny! She is super attentive and really works to get your feet as smooth as silk! 

I've noticed that some of the reviews that don't rate the salon as high as they should be are most likely coupon customers who try and cancel or change an appointment without adhering to their 24 hour cancelation policy. Or, they want to be given additional services for free that aren't included in the package they purchased.

These ladies are booked up solid because they're good. They will work with you if you're fair with them. After all, they are independent business women trying to make a living.

Take it from me, Polish Me Nail Boutique is the best!",5.0
"Ate here after seeing an early show one weekend. The atmosphere was simple but elegant. The staff was helpful at recommending wine and entrees. Before dinner we had cocktails at the bar while waiting for our party to arrive.  I highly recommend the Golden Triangle Mojito. It has ginger infused rum, a refreshing and spicy twist which hits the spot.  For dinner I had the rack of lamb and my wife had the duck breast. Both dishes were expertly cooked, moist, and flavorful.  For dessert I had the strawberry fields which is an angel food cake. Light and sweet perfect portion size after having a satisfying dinner. 
Our whole table enjoyed the meal and the service. I recommend it without any reservations.",5.0
The mini taco were good.  The bartender (young lady with long dark hair) was VERY friendly and attentive.  She had a great attitude and a big smile the entire time.,4.0
"I will be reviewing this on what my experience was in attending an event, since I was not part of planning the event I attended. 

The facility was easy to find, easy to park. Very clean on the outside and inside and the restrooms were clean. The ceremony to the wedding I attended was outside and the staff had water available since it was 118 degrees out that day. The dinner/reception was inside the facility. The dinner was not plated, but buffet style, the service was great both at the cash bar and the buffet. The food was nothing special, but that could have been because of budget reasons. 

The attendees were attacked by a bunch (and I mean bunch) of bees during the ceremony that was held outside. I am guessing there is a bee hive nearby that needs to be professionally handled and moved. The flower girls did the bee dance and cuddled with the bridesmaids for most of the ceremony. 

Overall it was a nice facility and I bet it fit well within the wedding couples budget. The staff seemed attentive and friendly.",3.0
"Called Dr. Poulos with severe tooth pain this past Friday. He fit me in as an emergency the very next day ,Saturday at 12:30pm. The doctor and his assistant helped me feel comfortable and relaxed (I have knack of being scared of the dentist). Even though it was a Saturday they took their time and figured out exactly what was wrong. I needed a root canal and the doctor stayed an extra hour to perform the procedure. In no time he finished the root canal and sent me on my way with a Rx for Amoxicillin. He was extremely compassionate and helped me with my fear. My phone rang today around 3:30pm and it was Dr. Poulos (not an assistant) on the other end of the phone, He asked how I was feeling and other related dental questions. Dr. Poulos truly cares about his patients from start to finish. He is by far the most experienced and compassionate family dentist in AZ. I highly recommend him for any and all of your dental needs.",5.0
"I'd give it a half star if I could. This place is pathetic, food looks old and unappetizing, not to mention your paying $13.00 per person for old food. The food is very unappealing and looks all the same(brown gelatiness meats, old limp veggies and seafood that I wouldn't feed my pet). The Chinese place at the food court in the mall is way better, so if you don't like the food court Chinese food then this place would be joke.
I'm actually sitting in the resteraunt now and discusted with this place and had to write this review to at least warn others. It dosnt make sense as this place is surrounded by great places to eat, this is a prime location and yet they serve crap. Their only saving grace is prepackaged Hershey ice cream and the made to order hibachi.

If you really want the best Chinese buffett and can make the drive to rock hill SC , there is this place called ""AMBER"". I've been from New York to Los Angeles and I've never found a Chinese Buffett like ""Amber"". Food is absolutely wonderful and fresh.

Anyway, 
Just wanted to give you all a heads up on this place and a real honest review.
Before I came here, I read reviews on this place and thought I'd give it a chance, but the reviews must be fake and staged. 

Take care and
Good eats to all !!!!",1.0
"I hadn't been to Kona for about two years now due to bad service and always being over crowded....thought I'd give it another try since the remodel and more space. The place looks amazing. Two stories with all brand new furniture and lighting. I love the happy hour food here but sadly service is still as horrible as I remember from few years back.  Our server checked on us twice and didn't really seem to care. We had the sliders with fries, avocado egg rolls, and BBQ chicken pizza. They were all delicious and under $20. If they can hire more/better servers this place would be amazing.",2.0
"Seriously the best happy hour in Summerlin, which they not only have during the normal week, but also on weekend afternoons. I really like being able to get sake and a roll and not breaking the bank.",5.0
"What a cool venue.  It's reasonably intimate for some decent shows.  Much better stage design than the sound academy, as it's just the right height that you can see from any spot in the hall.  

I like the design elements of the hall, and felt like it must have had some history, although I don't know it.  there's a cool balcony which provides a space away from the hipsters on the floor.  

Bar is pretty basic, rather expensive mixed drinks, average beer selection.  Kind of what you expect for a concert venue.  Staff were generally friendly though.",4.0
"Have been back a few times since my last review and have to say things are on the upswing with their food and service. We've been really happy with our burgers, salads, wings and fish and chips to name a few items.....and fries. All have been great. The service has improved 100%. Actually really refreshing!  The owners are obviously putting everything into making this a success. New bar being built outside too. We actually sat outside for dinner the other night and the patio was full of other patrons enjoying a burger and cold one on one of our first warm evenings!  

I like you, Rivals. My partner and I will be back soon.....say next Monday!",4.0
"Amazing LOOKING apartments for a fair price but the leasing office is ran poorly like most, if I work the 5pm shift, 8 times out of 10, the emotional lady at the desk closes early around 5 45 instead of 6 and I come to a closed door with no note. After asking for a receipt after paying rent the lady said ""I could see if it was a couple thousand but for 950$ you shouldn't need one"" this isn't the damn dollar menu, I have no idea why she made that remark she has some nerve. They are impossible to call and get a hold of after 4pm. The only good thing about this place, is the maintenance men and apartments themselves. I even saw two broke down cars that have been there for over a year and haven't moved, and they failed to do anything about it. It's sad to see so many leasing offices hire these emotional young women that can't manage themselves in a job like that that requires self sufficiency, go work at a forever 21.",1.0
"I lived in Vancouver but had my car serviced in Washington State because of the 40% savings.  This American dealer was AMAZING and I now hold all other Canadian dealers to that standard...all have failed!  My experience with the Mercedes dealers in Toronto has been less than exceptional.  I have heard this feedback from many friends and do not understand why these corporate stores are not the benchmark for other dealers to strive too.

Now that I live in Toronto I have taken my car for service at Mid-town Mercedes only to be disappointed.  The impression I was left with is, one, I have an older Benz and did not purchase it through them so I was not as important as ""their"" customers.  Two, I did not receive information nor was offered the 15% service discount through a corporate initiative to keep older c-class Benz owners returning to Mercedes service centers.  When I complained about this oversight I was provided a credit to my account rather than a refund.  I have no plans to return to a corporate owned location to service my vehicle.  My sales experience was no better.  The sales staff are arrogant and not welcoming, all information is logged into thier files so if you shop around the GTA you will not get a better deal at another dealership since they know your are in the market.  I saw my file and was surprized at the details logged regarding the cars I looked at.

I did purchase a new c-class but not from a corporate store (see my other reviews).  This was truly a poor experience and they will not have my future business.",1.0
"It took me way too long to find the perfect tattoo studio but now that I have found Paris Tattoo's I will never go anywhere else. I had jumped around from shop to shop... artist to artist... never finding the right atmosphere or artist for my first few tattoos. Then I met Cody at Paris Tattoos and everything changed. His attention to detail, steady hand, and masterful ink work is the best I have found in CLT. I have plenty of hours left to ink and they will all be done at Paris Tattoos.",5.0
"Got a pizza to go late at night while staying at the linq. We waited quite a while even though there weren't many customers, but the pizza tasted great!! Perfect place for those staying at the linq",3.0
Good food. The meatballs were excellent. Pizza was thin and yummy. Nice atmosphere and good service. Our server Sam was very attentive and very personable. Next time your in Vegas I highly recommend this place,5.0
Bogtrotters is so great. A true Cleveland original!,5.0
"This place is over priced compared to what else is available close by like on Eglinton West. I finally saw a special posted that was priced to be justifiable. It was a spicy california roll, vegetable roll, soup, and salad. Soup and salad were normal. The rolls were very small. Not acceptable. The soy sauce is diluted. Apparently some people like to dip their sushi in water. I don't get it. This is a really small place so it's hard to have any sort of atmosphere. Finally, when I went to pay I advised the cashier that I would pay by debit. She was quick to inform me that cash is better. Personally I'm of the opinion that if you don't want to accept debit you shouldn't make the option available. I don't think I'll go back.",2.0
"I've only seen one person working in here (I assume he's the owner), but he's a sweet man and has remembered me and my friend when we've come in on a couple occasions.  I've never been disappointed with my food no matter what I order, though the Pad Thai has been my favourite by far, and if I had the money, I'd definitely be more of a regular.",5.0
"I came here with my mom yesterday so that she could use a gift certificate that I had got her for her birthday (solely based on the good reviews). She got a pedicure and I decided to go ahead and get a full set. The older man, who was very nice by the way, working there put my nails on but I noticed he didn't do much to my real nails before putting on the acrylics ( cutting them, clean under the nail, push cuticles, etc.) like other salons do that I have been to. I should have spoken up about it. 

After my nails were painted and dried The problem that I noticed when I got under the natural sunlight in my car was that the polish work was no bueno. I had paint on my cuticles still as well as on the skin around my nail despite his efforts to clean up the work. I decided Ill come by tomorrow and get them re-done after all I paid 22 plus tip and I better be happy with them. 

Came by the next day the owner seemed somewhat understanding about the situation and told me should wouldn't charge me for a polish change ""THIS TIME"" but I would just be charged for the ""ombre glitter"" $2......OK Fine. The older woman working there did my nails over again and the ombre was not so ""ombre"" just a couple slaps of glitter nothing like the picture I showed her. 

Yet again after the polish dried there is still polish on my cuticles and surrounding skin. Im not quite sure what the issue is because I have never had this problem at any salon. I also feel as though if an unhappy customer comes back to your establishment and tries to give u a second chance to make it right of a bad situation they shouldn't be charged for anything as far as I am concerned I already paid to have my nails neatly painted and I didn't receive that. The quality of my nail polish was nothing compared to the pictures people have posted about this salon. Needless to say.... I won't be back.",2.0
Food is pretty good and the staff is okay. The machines are junk- been here 3 times and never had a good hand. Tried multiple games and they are super tight. Unfortunate for such a good looking place.,3.0
"My friend and I went there for the first time and found it welcoming and delicious. We both ordered the Hawaiian Bowl, one with ahi and the other with salmon. The  Hawaiian Bowl is a combination bowl that is good to sample a little of everything for the first time.

The amount of combinations that you can create are numerous and exciting to try something different each time.

You can tell by sight and smell that the food is very high quality and fresh, especially the Kalua  Pork, that brings you back to the beautiful island of Hawaii.

The prices are very reasonable.",5.0
Poke bowls here are very good. Tried spicy tuna n Hawaiian style tako poke n was delicious. Place is very clean and staff was cool too. Highly recommended n I'll be coming back here for sure!,5.0
"I've been wanting to try these Instagram famous desserts for so long, and finally got a chance to try it out! This experience turned out to be just great as it looks like!! 

1. Ube cake roll: filled with ube cream and custard. Little fancy gold paper on top, the cake part was super moist and not over sweet! Also the gold paper on top made it look so fancy~

2. Mango cheesecake: I loved each bite of it ! The texture of this cake was on another level. I could taste the light cream, chunks of mango fruit and, creamy cheesecake part, at the end the the shortbread! The chef mixed toasted pecan with the shortbread, so yummy

3. Cream puffs: so so so good!! I was wondering what's on top of the puff before I bite into it. Also I was worried abt it being too creamy and sweet! But no! When I bite in! Oh god !!!! It's was just so balanced and perfect texture !!! 

I just can't wait to comeback and try more items!!",5.0
"Beware. Waitress kept my credit card for over an hour out by the pool. When I tried to track her down I was told that she was on break, along with my credit card. Sure enough, there was a $5000 charge on my card that I had to deal with. Horrible. What a horrible thing to do to someone. I'm shocked.",1.0
"Just sad.


Dirty, dates, needs maintenance, poor customer service.
Stay away!

It is bad in every way possible.",1.0
"We've been coming here for years - more years than I can remember.  Although the prices have gone up some, especially to keep up with the wages, it is still a fair deal.  We've never had anything lost or damaged.  Plan ahead for cash or check only but I understand as cards incur fees for a business like this.",5.0
"I love their fried chicken with their house made hot sauce on it. It is the epitome of southern fried chicken. The coleslaw is great and creamy. Fries are your standard crinkle cut fries but great to dip in their sauce.  I am also a fan of the polish girl and polish boy (Cleveland staple). I like the sauce but their ribs are a little fatty and not meaty, therefore I personally don't order the ribs. So that is the food. Now the atmosphere is not that great but you can't expect a fancy atmosphere and as long as you know what to expect in the neighborhood then you are fine. Now the service is another story. Expect an attitude, rude servers and someone who is just downright annoyed that you are bothering them by making them have to work by preparing your order.   They also run out of food and no matter what time it is they won't be making any more because once again it's too much work. I therefore have to call to make sure they have certain types of  food like chicken breasts before I come as I live 30 minutes away and can't tell you how many times I made the drive and was told they are out of white meat and don't plan to make anymore. They also close early if they don't feel like being open anymore. I actually had them turn the lights and drive through system off on me when I drive up an hour or two before their official closing time. So to sum up, the food is great, service is horrible so if you go in expecting someone to not like you to get some great BBQ then you will be happy.",3.0
Best fried chicken I ever had. Went with 12 people and we ordered almost everything on the menu. None of us were disappointed. Well worth the stop. Collared greens were awsome ! Sauce was delicious,4.0
"I came here to have lunch and let me just say that the cashier was not friendly and had an attitude. Also, they serve very poor quantity of food. My broccoli cheddar soup (in a bread bowl) was half way full. Very disappointing since I really like Panera Bread.",2.0
"No flavor in the food, weak drinks, unhappy servers.





Over all don't waste your time coming here, not worth the money.",1.0
"I had a small craving for BBQ and unfortunately after I was full the craving only became BIGGER. Now I fear I might be venturing out into the late night only seeking more of its deliciousness!!

I ordered a brisket sandwich with a side of BBQ beans and a side salad. It did cost more than I would like to spend and I wasn't able to finish it all. Kinda wish there was an option to just buy the sandwich and a bag of chips.",4.0
Best location of all BodyHeat tanning salons! Very nice and helpful staff working and very clean!,5.0
"This was my second time staying at Luxor. I stayed here last year as well and also had a positive experience. 

I was in Vegas for two nights this weekend. Night one was spent at Flamingo and my room was junk and my experience horrible. I remembered my stay at Luxor last year was good so I left the crap hole Flamingo and came to the Pyramid! 

The basic room at Luxor was perfect. Clean and modern for a reasonable price. Bathroom was nice and the shower was really nice too! 

During my stay the fire alarm went off on my floor but issue was resolved pretty quick and staff was around to help. 

Pool at Luxor was also nice. It was busy, but after getting chairs and settled the pool was not as crowded and it was nice. $9 bud lights could go away and be cheaper tho.",5.0
"We booked our package to Las Vegas very last minute (day before departure) and got an amazing deal at The Luxor. I was a little worried at first because of all the bad review, but was pleasantly surprised. 

Our room was on the pyramid and it was big,clean and had comfortable beds. It wasn't glamorous or anything out of the ordinary but I did not come to Vegas to hang in my room all day, so I did not care. The bathroom was big and had good counter space for all the products that two girls sharing a room need. 

Yes the TV is old but who cares? I didn't come here to watch TV. The food court here is awful and the buffet looked unappetizing so we never tried it. 

Another negative is that this hotel is pretty far from most of the amenities and nicer hotels where we hung out the most. The monorail and tram connects you to these hotels, but the system is not very good and it still leaves you with a whole lot of walking to do. 

I would not stay here again, but for the price we got on our stay I have no complaints.",3.0
"First off, I am a huge Criss Angel fan and I had been wanting to stay at the Luxor for the longest time. With that being said, my experiences are as follows:

Decor: I loved the Egyptian theme and was fascinated by all the decor in and outside of the hotel. I was super excited to see Criss Angel stuff all over the hotel.

Room: We stayed in the pyramid part of the hotel and price was very affordable. The slanted Windows were pretty cool and the beds were quite comfortable. 

Food: The food court was convenient during the day, but if you're looking for something late at night, backstage deli by the Criss Angel theatre has some great options. For breakfast I was able to buy a filling bagel breakfast sandwich for no more than $6.

Casino: Not as crowded as some of the others I had visited, which was good. The bar had fast service and the drink servers throughout the casino were very nice. 

Cleanliness: Restrooms around the hotel were kept very clean. Our room was also very clean when we first arrived and kept nice and refreshed throughout our stay. 

Convenience: Designated Uber and Lyft stops which was perfect for catching rides to other parts of the strip. We took a Grand Canyon tour bus and it was also very convenient to catch the bus on the Luxor property. Indoor walkways to Mandalay bay and Excalibur were great for getting around to the other casinos. 

Overall, I greatly enjoyed my stay here at the Luxor. It was everything I expected plus more. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to my friends and family.",5.0
"If I could rate this hotel as 1/2 a star, I would. I was looking to find a decent hotel to spend a summer weekend in Vegas with my boyfriend. Sure, Luxor had a great budget-friendly rate to offer for a weekend stay. That may have been the problem; you get what you pay for. 

Upon arrival, the concierge didn't even confirm the type of room I had requested. Instead, he just gave me a standard room when I clearly requested an upgrade as part of my MLife rewards. I decided not to ruin my trip over that ""small"" matter. That became the least of my worries as the weekend progressed. On the first night, I noticed an awful smell coming from the A/C vent, and realized that it was leaking and the water was being absorbed in the carpet leaving a humid smell. I called guest services and they assured me that someone would take care of the problem in the next hour. After waiting an hour, my boyfriend and I decided to leave so we could make it to our dinner reservation, and I called guest services to let them know.

After a long night out, we returned only to find that nothing had been taken care of. I was soo upset at this point and called for the third time!  The representative told me they couldn't switch rooms and that instead, he could give me a 20% discount for the inconvenience. I decided that if they took care of it by the next day, it wouldn't be a problem. Day 2 came along and still, the A/C was leaking. I talked to a representative in person, and they offered me yet another discount. Why can't these people just move our room and fix the damn leak?!

Finally, we checked out on the 3rd day and made it safely back home to San Diego. Upon our return, we noticed that my boyfriends 2 pairs of shoes were missing! We had a bellman pick up our things when we had checked out and they had lost the bag of shoes, about $150 value for both pairs. I was sooo furious, and this time, I called and asked for the Manager of VIP sales. After making a big fuss, he decided to waive our 1 night stay since he couldn't find the bag. 

All in all, it was a horrible experience, to say the least. Customer service should be priority, and for a Las Vegas Strip hotel, Luxor is not worth a dime! Spend your money elsewhere and save yourself the hassle of dealing with incompetent and unprofessional hotel staff.",1.0
"Friendly staff, great location, clean rooms, and timely/ efficient housekeeping! Besides the parking, everything about this hotel was excellent! Will def recommend!",5.0
"We had such a great time taking a tour of the Vegas strip. 702 was on time, friendly, and made the experience a lot of fun. Tom was an amazing pilot; gave us a fun update of Las Vegas, and Josh and Chori made the event so much fun. Worth the money!!!",5.0
"Mitch, the tour guide, was a wealth of knowledge about Vegas.  Really loved this tour.  The neighborhood needs a lot to be desired.  Not a place you'd walk around.  The parking is nice ... and guarded.  The neon sign lot is completely enclosed by a wall and fence.  The signs are really cool.  The tour operator provides umbrellas to block the sun.  Half of the tour is in direct sun.  We ended up going early in the morning.  Totally worth the money to visit!",5.0
Its just really cool to see all those refurbished signs looking just as good as they did when they were brand new. Love what they are doing to beatify this part of downtown. Another reason to take a trip downtown when your in Vegas. Just wanted to clarify that the Neon Museum is on Fremont Street and the Neon Boneyard is up a few block on N. Las Vegas Blvd (as some of the reviews on this page are for the Neon Boneyard).,5.0
"Very cool museum with a curator who really knows his stuff. We went after dark so we could see some of the signs lit up, and it was a real treat. This is a must see if you're in, or passing through, Vegas!",5.0
"The food was good, but if the service could match the food it would have been that much better. 
- Server didn't greet us until I actually asked where our server was.
- Smiled once when he greeted us but otherwise when taking our order didn't smile or make us feel welcome.
- Never checked up to ask how the food was despite the fact that he DID NOT serve us our food.
- Hovered over me while I was paying, made me feel pressured to tip more than I would have because of the bad service.

all in all, food was pretty good but I definitely feel the service makes up 50% of the experience at the restaurant. This guys needs more training on how to create a better customer experience!",3.0
"Gave this a try based on other Yelp reviews. You know how you read about a restaurant with mixed reviews, and you just hope that the reviewers with the bad reviews were really picky? Yeah, that's what I was hoping.

I'm here to say that the reviews weren't wrong; service is definitely lacking at La Catrina, and one of the reasons we likely won't return.

When we arrived around 6 for dinner, there were multiple tables on the right side of the restaurant shoved together, with a bunch of kids and adults who looked to have recently been to a swim meet. There were several booths in the area with kids and adults too. 

The person seating my husband and I bypassed several empty tables on the left side of the restaurant, and tried to seat us at a booth in between and right in the middle of all the kids and adults.

I've got nothing against kids, but why would you sit two adults who are just hoping to have a nice meal in the very center of tables with mostly kids when there are so many other tables available?

I asked that we move to a different area, so instead of putting us somewhere quieter, he just moved us to a booth on the other side of the same section. Noise level was pretty intense until the large groups left.

We tried to order beers on draft, but were informed draft beer was not available for some reason. So we ordered two bottled beers. It took 10+ minutes for us to get our beers. I was in full sight of the bar so I watched as our waiter didn't even try going to the bar to get our beers until roughly the 10 minute mark. 

When our beers were finally brought, my husband had been given the wrong one. The waiter was pouring out of the bottles into the glasses and my husband had to ask him to remove his hand from the label so he could confirm which beer it was. He'd ordered a darker beer and noticed the beer being poured was more of a light ale/lager style.

Our food wasn't memorable, but it was okay. Salsa was really watered down and runny.

There are so many better Mexican restaurants within a 5 minute drive, that I just can't imagine why we would ever return here again.",1.0
"A busy Labor Day so I'm partial to that today. With that said, we waited the standard 30 minutes to sit down. What really sucked is we waited 45 minutes to get our meals and to me this is unacceptable at this place. It's not like we ordered a steak, deep dish pizza or a souffl. Any way the food was great and the chef bought us dessert. Happy. 
Clean place with good ambience.",4.0
"Went with our daughter for Father's Day brunch. Must say we really enjoyed eating here, it has a cozy feel with comfortable seating, good service and great food. My daughter and I had the cinnamon buckwheat pancakes with honey butter , comes with fresh blueberries and crispy bacon. Perfect size, moist and delicious. My husband had the eggs and bacon and his fried eggs were cooked perfectly. My mother had the red velvet pancakes topped with marscapone, she loved it but I tried it and to me it tasted too much like dessert. Not that it wasn't delicious; just too sweet for me.  All-on-all we were very pleased and will return again.",5.0
"The Herb Box is my kind of restaurant.  Everything on their menu looked appealing, and fresh, with lots of veggies.  My friend and I split the mezze and the brussel sprout flatbread sans pancetta.  Both were excellent, but the real star was the flatbread, the combination of cheese and roasted garlic was delectable.  We also had mimosas along with our meal, and with mango instead of orange juice, they felt extra special.  

The service here was great, and they had a nice outdoor patio to enjoy your meal on.  The location in the middle of Scottsdale can't be beat either.",4.0
"12/2/10

2.5 stars.

Took my young cousin w/ me for happy hour and sat at the bar; This was her first time at O&I.  While I really like the look and the feel of the island layout of O&I's bar, I always feel like a fish out of water when I sit there.  (I've actually tried sitting there a few times when I've walked in solo, but always ended up moving to a table.  If it weren't for my cousin at my side, I probably would've moved to a table again, or, worse yet, walked out of the resto, which I've done before, too.)  Despite a few attempts at getting her to try a cocktail, she declined, and thus I proceeded to just order a glass of wine.  Why it's so hard to get a sampling of a couple of wines before settling on one to order here, I'll never know.  (Just a few nights ago, while at Beckett's Table, my server offered to have me try sips of the two wines I was having trouble choosing!)  Tsk, tsk, tsk!

We decided to try the Italian Sausage flatbread and the hummus app.  The flatbread, w/ its tasty and spicy Italian sausage chunks, consisted of a crispy crust w/ vibrant red piquillo peppers and creamy goat cheese-- I'd order this again, even though peppers and I don't exactly get along.  The hummus was equally delightful, w/ house-made pita bread and a ""petite Greek salad,"" which actually consisted of only sliced red grape tomatoes and chopped cucumbers (a no-no for me!) and a ton of feta on top.  Why the salad was piled ON TOP of the hummus, and not on the side, I don't know.  I suppose for the price of the app, I shouldn't expect more veggies used (a bit of lettuce, perhaps?), but it would've been nice to be able to pick the cukes out.  Served as it was, on top of the hummus, which looked like it was baked for a few minutes before getting the salad treatment, spooning the cukes off would've entailed major loss of delicious baked hummus goodness.  And we wouldn't have any of that!

I really wished we could've stayed past 6p to check out the celebrity guest bartender, but we had other appointments to keep.  My cousin really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere here, and I'd have given this review another 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that our bartender gave us such an attitude when I asked to sample the two wines first before ordering.  

FYI, the happy hour menu changed, drastically reduced to only maybe 8 items or less, down from practically all of the apps and half of the flatbreads and a couple of salads that the old HH menu contained.  Recalling this, plus the wine and salad/hummus incidents, I may just have to say goodbye to O&I for a long, long time...",3.0
"I am currently finishing up an incredible meal. Literally still in the restaurant, but I can't wait to post this. Not because of the food (though that was delish), but because of our server, Clenard.

We came in, sat for maybe ten minutes, when he came over, profusely apologized for our wait, and informed us he'd be getting us bruschetta on the house. Then, as we proceeded to order, he was incredibly attentive and helpful. My friend got around four Arnold palmers, and he kept them coming!! He was cordial, kind and incredibly professional. Then we also received dessert on the house (for a wait that, honestly, was NOT bad). Everyone was wonderful, and I'm sure clenard is a reflection of the entire staff and restaurant. 

Because of this amazing server (and, not to forget, an awesome meal of the lamb meatballs and artichoke heart salad) I am set on being a regular here.

I've never leave reviews but because of the quality of service and meal, I must.
Thank you!",5.0
"I love Olive and Ivy. It is a tried and true staple, always the first place I bring an out of town visitor.  

The ambience inside is warm and charming, open and friendly, and classy.  I loove thier lighting it is just so inviting.  Tables are spaced nicely, the bar has great seating and not too packed in that area either.  You can order a meal at the bar without feeling like you're knocking elbows with the person next to you.

The outside of Olive and Ivy is my favorite though.  The social hour seating fills up QUICK - get there early.  There are comfy big chairs and couches right outside the waterfront.  It is my favorite sitting spot in all of scottsdale to eat drink and dine.

For food -- I've come here plenty, and here's my two cents. Skip the apps, share a salad with a friend, and enjoy an entree. I keep coming back to the veal ravioli, it is just heavenly and perfect.  There is arugula on top with a light cream sauce which isn't too heavy at all. I have to force myself to explore the menu because this dish is just so good.  Last time I was here I was trying to stick to my diet, I ordered the salmon and subbed spinach instead of thier regular side.  The dish was perfect, salmon was grilled to perfection, a real fresh piece of fish. It was generous too (more generous portion than the ravioli) - and I actually ended up taking some home. My mom ordered the Cioippino, which was flavorful, a generous portion, and very good also.  I also love their scallop entree.  I don't eat a ton of red meat, but I went with a friend one time who ordered the steak and pretty much devoured it.  

As for drinks -- thier sangria is amaze! Stick with the red one.

Honestly I'm writing this right now, a warm February day in Arizona, and want to leave work to sit outside and eat my lunch in pure bliss at Olive and Ivy. I have a day off later this week and will make sure I stop by.  I simply cannot get enough of this place.",5.0
"Overall, wonderful!  Great food.  Loved the sangria.  Amazing outdoor seating by the water when the weather is nice!",5.0
"The food here is great! The prime rib benny was pretty good. The only thing was that the prime rib was a bit overdone. The banana nut muffin here is extremely moist. Had to order a second one for the road. The thing that impressed me the most was the service. The service here is EXCELLENT! Candice was extremely nice to me and my friend visiting from LA. She was by far the best server i have had in my life! If you guys are lucky enough to have her as your server, you will not be disappointed.",5.0
"HORRIBLE! wish my daughter read this BEFORE calling these scam artists!!!!! but again, they are scamming everyone! she was charged twice for everything on her receipt, came to over $400 when she was told it was $14 on the phone. We have a stop placed on the credit card but we've called several times to resolve this issue directly. We were told every time to call back. Called again, today is Tuesday and ""Tom"" won't have a copy of the receipt until Monday, call back then. BS!!!!!",1.0
"God: Great service, good song selection, easy to user equipment. Happy hour specials. Bad: Smelled like sewer. They probably had a plumbing issue that evening.",3.0
I would suggest this place the service is good and they get you out quick with a full belly..lol,5.0
Joanne helped me tremendously on a downtown Phoenix condominium renovation. She is an expert in listening to you and your likes and then conceiving of a color palate that works for you.  In addition she gave me referrals for the painter and the company that installed my hardwood floors.  I found her on A.L. and made the right choice through and through. You will not regret calling her to coach you!,5.0
"yeah, it might be a little eerie and kill bill-ish in there, but the food is fantastic. we were the only ones in there for a while so it was extra eerie..the service was alright. very ethnic and authentic chinese atmosphere, not so americanized.

the pot of tea was piping hot but especially delicious. the wonton chips were a good start. we went with the moo shoo pork and kung pao chicken, both pretty good. the crepes that the moo shoo pork came in were so soft and fluffy and the meat and seasonings were spot on. the kung pao chicken was a little water and not as spicy as i thought it was going to be. but it had peanuts, bamboo shoots, and my favorite chinese vegetable, water chestnuts...mmmm. the big bowl of rice we got was delicious as well.

and all for under $20. grubby good. especially for a city with lackluster chinese food.",4.0
"We just returned from the restaurant tonight.  First off, I'm giving this 5 stars because the food was wonderful (and really, that's 95% of what you should be rating a restaurant on) and the service staff was incredibly attentive but not annoyingly so that it interrupted your experience.  I do have some suggestions that I'll get to in a second - but first, the food!  

The meal started with a free appetizer of biscuits and gravy. The biscuits were wonderful and not overly floured or dense - they were quite airy for a biscuit and tasted homemade.  The gravy was also delicious - it was not gloopy/lumpy and didn't get that ""film"" that appears when it's been sitting around too long - i.e. it was fresh.  there were bits of sausage in it as well that really added a nice dose of the south (I hope they are some day able to expand to offering breakfast with biscuits and gravy this good.)

My wife and I both dined tonight, she had meatloaf with fried cabbage and green beans and I had fried chicken (paid the $1 extra to get the white meat) with macaroni and greens.  We're both from Florida and miss this food dearly as it's certainly in short supply out here.  The chicken pieces were quite large, had a wonderful batter, and the meat was not dry at all.  My wife is incredibly picky about meatloaf but absolutely loved it.  It's much chunkier than meatloaf you'll find at most restaurants but that's simply because they don't overdo the bread crumbs in the recipe.  I will say that I would actually order the meat loaf myself (and I generally do NOT like meat loaf at all because it always has too much bread added to the mix).  

The sides are really the star of the show here, my greens were sensational, they weren't of the ""canned spinach"" consistency that some places fall victim to - nor were they undercooked.  They were juuuuust right!  My wife was not overly fond of the green beans but I on the other hand loved them as that had that faintly sweet and smoky taste and included bits of onion to compliment the beans.  We were similarly divisive (albeit in reversed roles) with the fried cabbage as she loved it but it just wasn't for me - different tastes is all that boiled down to, there was nothing wrong with it, and again, the wife loved it and would get it again in a heart beat.  Oh, and last but not least, the macaroni and cheese, if they ever get around to catering, we both agreed that we could see ourselves ordering a tray of this magical blend of pasta and cheese.  It's been a long time since either of us have had macaroni and cheese that is done that well.  The menu states that it's a 5 cheese blend - I can only say it was utterly and insanely delicious.  It did taste oven baked but at the same time the pasta wasn't complete mush like what happens.  Regardless of how it was made, just wonderful all around.  

We did end our meal by sharing a banana pudding and I do believe the wife would have eaten the entire thing by herself had I stepped away for even a minute or two.  One thing you'll notice right off the bat if you order it is that the pudding isn't the dyed yellow pudding you see in stores.  it's the real-deal with vanilla wafers that aren't stale and mush.  It was the perfect compliment to a wonderful meal.  I believe they serve it in the jar it comes in so they don't have patrons licking the surface clean.  I'm eager to try the sweet potato pie next time (the wife is looking forward to peach cobbler).

Now, that I've had a chance to go over the food I wanted to mention a few other things that I've seen some folks point out on here.  First off, please, please, PLEASE,  pay attention to the hours the dining room is open before you come out here hoping to dine-in as this is a restaurant you should want to see thriving in Surprise (otherwise known as the land of chain restaurants).  They have limited dining room hours and do take-out only for a good chunk of the day.  For instance today they were open from 11a-4pm for take-out only and then 4p-8p for dine-in.  We had actually come by for lunch earlier and had to leave since it wasn't open for dining yet. 

Another suggestion I would have (if any of the restaurant staff happens to read this) is that you add a menu option that maybe offers 4 sides as your meal (yes, your sides are that amazing).  I know there is the option to order individual sides, but much like the reduced price you get by ordering a ""meal"" that includes the two sides I think you could do fairly well adding a menu option that gives you your choice of 4 sides for maybe $12.  

Finally, towards the end of our meal the owner came out and walked around and greeted everybody except for us lol (we were sitting on the backside of a large 6 top and she just got distracted by the interaction with that table - no offense taken!).  But had she stopped by our table I would have gladly given a hug back (she certainly gives them out) for the wonderful food you've brought to our very own backyard.  We'll be back!",5.0
"They were quite helpful when we went in. I had to special-order an item. I later found it at Lowe's in stock and $11 cheaper. I called Ace to cancel my special order. The girl asked if I could calk back in the morning! No, I work, I am calling now. ?  Good service except that.",4.0
Greasy spoon/diner aesthetic in an unassuming strip mall. Portions are big enough to feed an army. Places gets busy but that is only natural in an area devoid of other quality options.,4.0
"Been coming to USA Auto for smog checks, but my first time on this location. Without a doubt, one of the best out there. I went here today for a smog check, nothing beats that price!!! I really appreciate them also checking other issues with the car. Got a heads up on my 100k miles coming up to change the spark plugs. It was very quick when I came in today, Friday around 4pm. It wasn't busy at all. The service was great and front desk was super friendly.

I use this for our 3 cars and definitely recommend it to friends. You guys rock and I will keep coming to this place!",5.0
"Mediocre pizza, at best. I was expecting more. 

Replace the canned toppings with fresh and put less salt in the sauce.

PBR was warm.

Staff was friendly. 

Bus-boy kept putting dirty dishes on the counter where I was eating.",1.0
"I was recommended this place to go for drinks here. It is a pretty small bar located in the middle of the Planet Hollywood casino, but is a pretty cool place, with great service and has a great vibe to it. It is a fun place to start your evening before a big night out or a nice place to chill and enjoy a drink or two on your own or with a friend or two.",3.0
Came out right away and went over the issues in our old (18 years) tile roof. Fixed all of the problems. Highly recommended!,5.0
"Had a special of the day sandwich and the house salad - both were excellent, service was quick, friendly, and professional. Highly recommended.",5.0
"basically Big Fun with old clothes and records instead of kitschy cards and books.

theres a really wide variety of stuff here. I found Philip Glass next to David Bowie and Frank Zappa in the records, and classic Raggedy Anne books next to some stuff I read as a kid that I forgot about.

for such a small place theres so much to look through, and it really warrants a visit if you're on Waterloo. The size is maybe the only problem, its just filled to bursting.",4.0
Over rated.  Service was very good.  Food is ok.  Not great by any means.  Meatballs was the best thing I had.  Chicken balls were over cooked and had a crust on the outside because they were old.  Salad had too much dressing and salty.  The prosciutto was very fatty. The sliders were the horrible. Meat was over cooked and small compared to the size of the bun.  Not coming back,3.0
"We were really looking forward to visiting Giada while in Vegas. When we arrived at 6:50 for our 7:00 reservation we were told that it would only be a few minutes till our table was ready. Unfortunately they did not seat us until 7:20 which I could look past barbecue we had fun in the photo booth in the lobby. I had requested (a month in advance) a window seat looking out to the Strip, but we were escorted to a table next to the bar away from the main dining room. I asked if they were able to honor my request and they said that the restaurant was full and we would have to wait another 30-40 minutes to be seated over there by the windows. We declined since it was already 7:30 at this point and were all hungry. Fast forward to the service: Our waiter was very nice yet slightly disconnected and informed us to stick with the cocktails on the iPad and not to venture off. The food came out fast and was very good overall and very inventive as you would expect from a Giada ""crafted"" Menu. When it came time for desert we were told we would have to wait about 10 minutes for the cart to come over so we could see the daily offering which at first I thought it was a really cool concept. What wasn't cool is after waiting 10 minutes the cart came over looking very sparse with very little to choose from. We picked a few items out and felt very underwhelmed with the taste compared to the looks. Overall we had an OK experience. Perhaps it was to early on and they were working out the bugs. We will be back to give it another try but I really hope they nail it.",3.0
"This place is amazing. The view is spectacular and you don't feel like you are in Vegas. The presentation is so classy and elegant. You get greeted at the door, and they bring you to the table and the staff is super friendly and the hospitality is #1. Avi the general manager came around and introduced himself and made sure everything is fine.  
Giada herself made a round and I was able to take a photo.  Actually she took the selfie photo and was super friendly and sweet. She looked busy and she really cares about this place because she was talking to all of the staff. The staff knew the menu well, and gave great recommendations, and they knew their wine pairing s with the food.  They are super staffed and are alert on what is going on as in food coming on time, drinks being filled up, and the timing was all perfect as the food came out.  The pasta was fresh, the soup and salad was amazing and just the right portions.  Make sure you leave room for the dessert!!! They have an amazing dessert cart that comes around and everything was made fresh and healthy.   I had the polenta cake with the fresh coffee gelato. 

This is one of the trendiest hottest new restaurants in Vegas. The best part of it is the location because you get natural light and it is not dark and dingy like the rest of the trendy Vegas restaurants.  The food is fresh, homemade, and amazing.  The best Staff! Super friendly and nice.",5.0
"The first time I went here, I felt like Giada's was AMAZING! The cute Pinterest-y modern decor, the attentive waiters and busers, the lovely cocktails and yummy lemon butter/capers/sea salt/peppers to accompany the bread. The portions of entrees were small and expensive, but good. I was very satisfied.

However, upon my second visit, I was VERY disappointed. The staff were as helpful as ever, but the food was terrible! My chicken soup tasted like it came from a can. The lobster ravioli tasted so bland, the sauce (despite being lovely) couldn't help it, the Alfredo sauce with the spaghetti tasted like it came from a jar. What happened?! 

With the brand, hype, and price of Giada's you would expect more. I give three stars for a great first impression and great service, but minus two stars for the inconsistency and price. For the pricing, it feels like a rip off.",3.0
"Had lunch there today. The fried rice was served cold, the vegetables limp and the chicken dry and flavorless. Won't return.",1.0
"All American Grill.  I have been coming here for 3 weeks.. We had a company event here the staff is very attentive, the food is awesome and the drinks are unreal.  I love this place so much and I will recommend it to anyone.",5.0
"Toast is the equivalent of my Friends Central Perk... it has a comforting atmosphere, reliable food and service, and is a great place to just relax with friends. I prefer this Toast location over others just because of the layout, decor, and proximity to everything in Charlotte.

Atmosphere: Home-y, kitchy, comfortable, albeit a little loud.

Food: Reliable. Always good. I've had everything from the quiche to the breakfast burrito to the french toast. Is it the best thing you've ever tasted? Probably not, but it taste like mom's home cooking, only better! Also, the corn bread and apple preserves they start your meal off with are soooo good! I always want more.

Service: Awesome! All waitstaff serves every table, so if you need anything you don't have to wait for one specific person to come back and check on you.

This place is super popular for Sunday brunch, but surprisingly I don't think I've ever waited more than 30 minutes for a table.",4.0
"Call to make an appointment and after waiting on hold for 15 minutes disconnected   Immediately call back to only wait on hold again for 10+ minutes 
Check in early for appointment check in time is 6pm   Appointment is for 630. Informed at 630 they are at least 30 minutes behind. This is bullsh***. Waiting room is full of people yet staff continues to leave. Terrible service. Will certainly stick to SMIL for any imaging services.",1.0
"Definitely a hidden gem that everyone needs to try. The selection of desserts is amazing and they all taste amazing. The owners are extremely kind and helpful! Definitely a fan for life and if you want great pastures for an AMAZING price, I would defiantly check them out !",5.0
"The New York Pastries & Pasteleria is a hidden gem tucked away in a strip mall on Exmore Street off of Old Pineville Road. I have seen NY P&P for weeks now, but was not sure what it truly was..and man was I missing out.
This past Saturday I enjoyed breakfast with some friends at a near by restaurant and we decided to check out the bakery before heading out.  Once we opened the door I felt like I was in a bakery in New York. The smell of bread and sweets welcomed up in.  Although the bakery looks small it offers a large variety of items, from cookies, cakes, breads and even prepackaged treats everything looked amazing. Having just overstuffed ourselves we decided to split two items, an clair and cannoli.  Both were really good. However, I had my eye on the Oreo cake so I will definitely be back.",4.0
"Not happy with them 
They're stringing me along to collect mortgage insurance payments from me 
Even though I have a 740+ Credit score 
Have never missed or been late on a mortgage payment in all of my 20+ years of mortgage payments 
And am well past the 80% threshold on loan to value with my house based on current market trends in my area
What's it take for a responsible home owner like myself to keep from getting ripped off from a huge mortgage bank that outsources it call centers to poor slave wage workers in India that have no concept of home ownership in the USA
MB",1.0
This place is horrible cyst service is at the lowest it can be  prices I would say it's ok alittle high for but I'd rather go a few blocks down to get the better service where the food is good and the prices are reasonable spend extra to get better quality food and serves,1.0
"I have no complaints for this place. My boyfriend took me out to dinner here and I was pleasantly surprised by the friendliness of our waitress and the bus guy. We had clams, mussels, and a shrimp louis salad, and two apple strudels for dessert, what a treat. this is a great restaurant and i'm sure it wouldn't disappoint.",5.0
Love this place especially since it's right down the street from my house. My fur baby was a happy camper and always looks so cute with a bow whenever we leave. Love that they have a doggy playroom while they wait for their owners to pick them up! The groomers here are nice too and that's a definite plus :),5.0
"This is one of the best grooming places I've taken my dog... They are so friendly and caring towards my hyper, bratty, sweet German shepherd.",5.0
"Well shit, maybe I should have read Yelp (Martin S.) before coming here, as we ordered TWO Mexican themed dishes: the breakfast burrito and the quesadilla. The burrito was straight up bad (0/5). The eggs were under-seasoned and the beans were straight out of the can. If you advertise re-fried beans, at least mash them up to make them look like somebody hasn't just popped open a can and poured the cold beans into the burrito with no care. 

The quesadilla was a bit redeeming but still quite bad. The chorizo was okay, and there was some salt in the eggs. 

On the plus side, the potatoes are actually very good here. And I had I read the reviews before coming here, maybe the other offerings would have been as good as the potatoes.

The $3 coffee is also pretty steep and kind of annoying. 

With Parts and Labour open on Sundays, and a couple of other brunch places up the road on Roncevalles, don't think I'll be coming back here.",2.0
"For me this place hits home. I really love Hawaiian food and something about the food here is just the closest thing I have to the big island. The guys behind the glass are so kind, I came in a group of 3 and one of them wasn't really hungry but they insisted he eat. It was that Hawaiian culture that nobody sits and doesn't eat. I really enjoy the teriyaki chicken here, as they mentioned it was the top seller.

I always go for the Ono (small) plate, it comes with brown rice or white rice, just keep in mind that the brown rice is an additional $.60 charge. The proteins available are teriyaki chicken, kahlua pig, chicken wings or you can pay the extra $1 for the ahi or steak. 

The mac salad on the side is also my favorite mac salad of any Hawaiian spot in the valley. Something about it here tastes extra fresh and there's that love put into the recipe that I really admire also!

I was in the area and wanted to get something yummy to eat and I knew this wouldn't disappoint.",5.0
"Jeffrey trill general manager holiday inn express peoria

On Thursday, October 29th, 2015 I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Peoria, AZ. I was in town, along with the rest of our family, to attend a funeral. We arrived around 6:30pm only to drop off our bags and head to the Wake. When i went back later that evening to my room, ready to shower, exhausted from the long drive i noticed long black hairs on the walls of the shower & the drain. I was so disgusted. There was no question that it was mine since i have red hair. (I took pictures as well). It was only myself and my brother in the room. It is now late in the evening & checkout is in the morning & we attend the funeral.  Since the phone in my room wasnt working, I went to the front desk & the employee said she can leave a note for the manager in the morning. At 7am i speak w the General Manager, Jeffrey Trill, and he speaks so fast as though he was being accused of something & i said i would either like a free night for that evening or a future date & he immediately started talking defensively & 100 mph. His exact response was ""my hands  are tied since you booked your room through Expedia. I cannot do anything for u except offer you a late check out at 2:30pm"" That was my ONLY option. To stay in a dirty room, longer. I was in town for a funeral, not a vacation. My mind is mourning & i had to deal with this type of customer service. Apparently, since i went through Expedia i was not treated like a valued customer and it didnt matter to him that our entire family booked about 12 other rooms in the same hotel. i called Expedia customer care & they spoke with Jeffrey Trill, the General Manager & suddenly his hands weren't tied like he said. Now he only offered to refund $24.48.  Again, my ONLY option i am given. I went down stairs to speak with him and asked how he justified a dirty room with $24.48? And again he started talking super fast and defensively & told me i went through Expedia, a 3rd party, and his voice intensified louder. Only then at that point did i realize i am in a small town and if i have to get this resolved i have to go higher up. I then contacted Corporate a few days later. Where they agreed that he didnt even offer 1/3 of a refund & he handled the situation incorrectly & offered further alternatives. Thank you to corporate my issue was resolved. 

If anyone ever has to deal with this manager in the future, it is best to contact Corporate while still in the hotel. That is what they recommended to do. No customer should be treated this way.  

i will continue to stay at Holiday Inn hotels, this is a rare case, but this is a dirty hotel.



Response: thank you Jeffrey for the way you worded your response to my very detailed review, and only showing the public first hand how you deal with customers! Thanks for proving my point. Have a great day!",1.0
"I atopped in tonight to pick up a quick pizza. When I got there, about7 people were standing at the door entrance. I walked up to the cash register to place my order, when this young afro american man walked up beside me and placed an order. I told him I was there forst. The afro american woman behind the counter took his order. She completely ignored me. His excuse was that the line qas back at the door. Once he got his pizzas and left, no one came up to place an order. The people by the door were already waited on.  The young girl allowed this man to bully his way in front of me. I am a white man, 61 years old, and disabled.  I turned and walked out without  getting my dinner. Seems your company caters to blacks and merely pushes aside white handycapped individuals.  I will not accept an appology, nor any gratuity.  I will simply never patronize your establishment again. I hope you go out of business!",1.0
"i actually thought this one was better than ""O.""  a lot people praise ""O,"" saying it's the best one in vegas, but i beg to differ.  i've seen my share of cirque de soleil shows, and i saw both ""O"" and Ka and i thought Ka was amazing!!  don't get me wrong...i thought ""O"" was great too, but i thought Ka stepped it up a notch better.  i liked that it had a storyline and that each segment connected to the next somehow.  the theater setup was pretty awesome as well.  If people expect this to be an ""Asian"" show, it's not really an Asian show and it wasn't really advertised to be an Asian show either.  I actually thought the show was going to revolve around fire, but it didn't.  The focus was more on the story, artistry and acrobatics.  they gave the characters character, so they weren't all just seen as acrobats like in all the other cirque shows.  on a side note, if you're giving Ka a bad review because you were drunk or YOU didn't understand the storyline, than that's your fault, not theirs so you shouldn't penalize them for that; you shouldn't even write a review in that case.  anywho, i highly recommend Ka and i would totally go watch it again!  I thought it was totally worth what i paid (we went to the tickets 4 tonight booth and bought out tix)!",5.0
"I'm sorry but I have enjoyed EVERY single Cirque Du Soleil show..... except KA.

I felt KA was too theatrical and less about performance. I have seen The O Show, Zumanity, Mystere, and KA.",2.0
"I liked it but it's not my favorite Cirque show. This show focuses on stage movement, storyline, costumes, and battle scenes. 

The theater is tucked way inside the MGM, so give yourself ample time to arrive and get a drink. The show bar has excellent prices on alcohol. I got a large glass of Pinot Grigio for $7. The show starts out a bit slow, probably for late arrivals - don't be one of those people. There is very little audience interaction. 

There are some acrobatic moves that will make you gasp for air but not as many as say, Mystere or Zarkana. A couple of funny moments pop up, but again, not as much as you will find in their other shows. What this show did provide were some incredible battle scenes, stage movement, and pyrotechnics. 

The first three rows are great for some shows, but not for this one. Grab a seat a few rows back, so that you get the full view and won't leave with a neck ache.",4.0
Impossible to get help in the store when you want to actually purchase something and get on your way.  If you want to hang out and hug other employees then this is the place for ya,1.0
"made an appointment at the clinic for a tdap vaccine.  my appointment time was 12pm, checked in and had to wait 40 minutes with a toddler and being 8 months pregnant , I'm sorry this is ridiculous what's the point of even making an appointment, if I have an appointment that time should be reserved for me and not the walk ins.  I made an appointment for a reason because I did not want to sit and wait forever.  All I need is a vaccine, should only take them 5 minutes
    The doctor was very nice, but she called us into the room then proceeded to chat with everyone waiting, um hello let's get this over with I'm already 40 minutes past my appointment. now to add more fuel to my fire and why I updated to only 1 star is because I have very good insurance through aetna, my vaccines are 100% covered..well I received a letter stating ""we have billed your credit card for the balance owed after the charges for this visit were processed by your insurance company""...ok now I called my insurance, Walgreen never submitted the claim, then I get on the phone with Walgreens  billing, the gentleman on the phone was really rude and I could tell he was rushing me off the phone, he told me that they have a contract through aetna where vaccines are ""exclusive"" and they are not allowed to Bill the insurance company..really WTF.. so I had to get back on the phone with Aetna and they said, no they receive claims from Walgreens all the time for vaccines...so I'm not sure what kind of funny business is going on with Walgreens billing department or if the workers just don't want to do their jobs and are lazy and rude,...but now I have to submit reimbursement forms to my insurance, just a pain ughh! I will NEVER come back to Walgreens for anything ever!! ..next time I'll be smarter and schedule an appointment with my primary doctor!",1.0
"Update: the place seems to be under new ownership, the selection is roughly the same as before, although no more plate of seafood included for each customer. The food quality has gone down and the kitchen seems to be running out of everything such as lamb, ox touge ect. The orders are all messed up for each table too. I am not sure if it's gonna improve overtime or not. I will avoid this place for now. 



Older version: Very good selection on variety. From what I can tell, it is cleaner than most restaurants in China town. You are gonna get a pretty good hotpot experience if you know what you are doing.",2.0
"I've stayed at The Mirage twice now, once one the 1st floor villa, and last weekend in a regular room. The service was excellent both trips. On my last stay, I had to call the front desk 3x which were all handled A1 by Manny, Charlie, and James. I love the tropical dome that you will see right when you enter the hotel. You'll instantly feel relaxed and cool from the desert outside. Make sure to check out the bar next to check in between 1pm-3pm. Drinks are 2-1 and if Jaime is there, he'll hook it up fat. The rooms are a bit far away from the front desk. Other than that, I love staying here since its in the middle of the strip. You can walk to Omnia in 5 minutes :)",4.0
"I love this restaurant, the food is always fresh and tasty. The decoration is very nice. I am trying to find out the green tea brand they serve here. Does anyone know?",5.0
"3 stars here. Places like Geisha House with the hibachi are one of my favorite places to eat. Unfortunately my wife is not fond of the food, so I rarely get to go. Last night my wife was generous and suffered through it. Geisha is good but not my favorite. It is our first try since moving to vegas. The biggest issue I had was they did not introduce enough favors to the rice, not sure exactly what it was missing but it just wasn't as good as I remember elsewhere. I was also not thrilled with the vegetable selection, my favorite is the zucchini and I got hardly any on my plate. The price is quite steep, but that is commonplace at establishments like this. Their ginger dressing on the salad is actually not that tasty. Overall I was disappointed and not sure if we will return.",3.0
"I came in late at night with a friend, The grilled cheese is ok, the man behind the counter making it is extremely rude. He burped when we first got there cause he's drinking a coke. Not impressed with service or friendliness or the quality of food. Could make better grilled cheese at home. Xo",1.0
"I am adding an update.  Do not, do not buy this groupon!  I finally got in for my Botox and received my 40 units.  In 2 weeks, I had no improvement so I went into the person I have received Botox from for the last 10 years.  She agreed with my assessment that I had not been given Botox or it was so watered down.  I ended up spending $400 to have quality Botox administered by a reputable place.  I contacted Groupon who gave me half of my money back.  I am still out $90.    I was just happy it was not a worse experience.",1.0
Good food with generous portions. Tried the chicken and waffles... It's pretty good y'all! Wish it was open 24/7 for some nom after clubbing.,4.0
"I used to visit the Grand Lux in Beverly Hills when I lived in Los Angeles and its Palazzo location is just the same - which is expected with chain restaurants. 

The Grand Lux is conveniently located near the base of the hotel room elevators and is almost never crowded. The portions are huge, the prices are decent and the menu is extensive. After a couple of visits, however, you tend to get sick of the food because its so heavy and rich. 

Visit before 3:00 p.m. to take advantage of their lunch prices and portions, which are about half the size of their regular portions but still pretty big! 

Three and a half stars.",4.0
Standards are great when it comes to franchises.  You expect a certain product and as long as that happens younger satisfied so this place is a no brainer.  You always get what you are expecting.  My only issue with this spot that causes my average rating is I think the prices are too high. Lower the prices and I would come more often and give you more stars but price does play into my ratings.,3.0
OK at best. I only go there out of convenience and last minute. And most times I'm sorry I spent the money there.,2.0
"Go big or go home! Gallagher's portion of meat is huge, and quality of meat is great. I had the dry aged New York steak (delicious) with mashed and wedge salad. My boyfriend had Porterhouse (delicious) with Caesar salad, and mushrooms. We both drank Cabernet along with our dinner and wish there was room for dessert. This is the 2nd time I ever had fine dining, so I wasn't really surprise about the price for 2 which came down about $160. Overall experience, we were satisfied.

P.S. If you get the wedge salad, you have to expect a wedge of lettuce with little dressings on it. I didn't expect it to look that way, but soon I cut them into pieces and toss them with a Thousand Island dressing. It was quite fresh and crispy, I must admit.",4.0
Can't say enough about our experience here.  This restaurant is in NYNY so we had dinner while staying there on a recent trip to Vegas.  It was amazing.  I ordered the filet and my husband got the strip.  We both agree that they were two of the best steaks we have ever had. The service was great and they even brought my husband a birthday dessert.  Excellent dinner....would HIGHLY recommend.  Well worth the money!,5.0
This is my favorite sushi restaurant in the East valley. They have good customer service and are always pretty quick on getting the food out.,5.0
"This place is five stars.  As a connoisseur of coffee houses I've visited everyone single one in Tempe and Phoenix and this place is the best.  Plenty of seating, lighting is great, plenty of places to plug in, great coffee.  To top it all off the tea drinks are unique and come in variety!  All the staff are wonderful, down-to-earth, professional.",5.0
"For some reason, I remembered the hotel used be more fancier then it is. Perhaps that was a few too many years ago... lol 
I still do love this casino and lodge though! It's comfy and cozy but the rooms are ready for an upgrade. For example, the bathroom really old school and TV, which was a small 27'' old school TV. 

-No free wifi :-( - (although you can steal from their or others unsecured network, it was still not convenience) 

They have Bath and Body Works products! That's one of the reason I wanted to come back here..lol But the bottles are so small, it's barely enough for 2 people. 

The pool area is gorgeous, but it was too cold to go swimming this Winter :-( 
It's about 6 miles off the strip, so if you do not have a car, it's not convenient. They do have daily free shuttle service to the Strip. 

Overall, the stay was great. It was promo special $60 buy one night get second night free! Definitely a great deal. But watch out for their (Las Vegas) new 15% or so extra service amenity charge. I felt like I was cheated from that.",3.0
So far so good. Friendly staff. Better playing time than south point. Better comps. Better atmosphere. I'll keep coming back. Need more waitresses though. Dying of thirst everytime.,5.0
"All n all a good joint. Nice people. Clean and nice atmosphere. My wife likes the cheap mass produced commercial pizza places. I love these local joints. 
Good ingredients not to greasy thin crust the way it should be like back east. Just a touch of crispyness. I would give it five but my only complaint was the ingredients wanted to slide off. Now that is not a complaint because they were not cheap when it came to toppings. Probably had a touch to much sauce but the sauce was tasty n I am not a big pizza sauce guy. Good work guys and I'll be back. N if you haven't tried it support your local joints and try it. U won't be disappointed.",4.0
"I'm not a big fan of Thai food flavors, but I came here with a group. Something about the spices, curry, and especially hot sauce just doesn't appeal to me. Either way I made the best out of the situation and enjoyed a so-so meal.

The food did take a while to come (about 20 min), probably it was a busy weekend night (in fact we waited 40 minutes to get into the restaurant, but they helpfully let us wander around the city and call us when a table was ready). The waiters helpfully came around about every 20 minutes to check up on our plates and water, and our waiter was super professional and efficient at handling the payment.

The interior decor is quite complete, and the place is dimly lit in very orange light. I was intrigued by the dining section where you could take off your shoes and sit on your legs on cushions.",3.0
"The most beautiful airport in the country, hands down.  The best dining selections and even slots to kill your time.  The dumps in NYC could learn a valuable lesson.",5.0
"Southwest flight arrived on time from SNA. Surprised to see how far you have to walk between terminals (I.e. C to B took about 10 min). Slot machines at every terminal, as well as many grab and go markets, jamba juice, coffee bean, Einstein bagels, etc.",4.0
"Love getting off my plane and watching for the ""Janet"" flights in the morning and late afternoons. Kinda sad watching people throwing away their money on the slot machines in the terminal but I guess everyone can hope and wish....",5.0
"I love LV. 

I love arriving the airport with the slot machine in front of the terminal/gates...it just shouts out FUN!!! It gets you excited.
The taxi area is really organized. 
The baggage claim to car rental is ok. 
 
Ticketing, baggage, security...no problem! 
UA now scans your bar code from your phone. Paperless and awesomeness!
FREE WiFi! 
If your departing flight is delayed you can play the slots for a while, yay. 
I guess that's the only downside, delays; i've experienced delays several times. You need to have a flexible schedule when you make a trip to LV. Be sure to have some extra snacks or food...airport food is expensive.",4.0
"Don't gamble at the airport. The games are better on the strip! If you get here at a peak time, you will wait a long time for your luggage. And I mean a LONG time like over an hour. Sometimes it's best to just go have a drink instead of standing there waiting for something to happen.

Also, they tell you to get there two hours before your flight leaves. Don't believe them unless you are leaving at 5:00p on a Sunday afternoon or something like that. Flights before 11:00a are a piece of cake to make even with security.

Cabs are easy to find. If you pay more than 25 bucks to get to a hotel on the strip, you have been screwed by your cabbie. Remember that when he looks at you like it's time for a tip. To give you an idea of how to measure, the Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, Aria and Cosmo are all about $15 - $20 to the airport. If they try charging you more, they are robbing you.",4.0
"Whackkasan or Hakkasuck?

Let me first say, I'm thankful we were able to take advantage of getting on the guest list, and we got in for free. The guest list people here are on top of their game and very fast and friendly; if only for them they get 5 stars from me. Totally unlike LA clubs where the Guest list line is so long and pretty much ignored until the cut off time. And it was cool that you go up the elevator and down the hall like it's some secret place.

Not cool was this club is basically 80% VIP tables. And it's SO much smaller than what I imagined! The dance floor is small. There's no other place to dance bc of all the tables. Upstairs is ALL tables. 90% of them were empty.

You know what else is not cool? Playing WHACK ass music before the main DJ comes on. ""Hip Hop hooray! Ho! Hey! Ho!"" Yes I'm serious. We stayed for about an hour and couldn't take it anymore, so we left before Jesse Marco came on. We hadn't heard of him before, so we looked on Youtube and he's got kind of a Justice thing going on. Too bad, but we couldn't stand it anymore.

I can't believe the line for the people PAYING to get in! Well I guess they have to make the money to be able to pay their DJs $100-250 grand per gig.

Or maybe I am just that old.",2.0
Frozen frog is so cute and colorful and delicious! Definitely cooled me and my boyfriend down in the hot summer heat last weekend! Will be going back for sure to enjoy some frozen frog shaved ice! Yummy,5.0
"Fantastic Indian food.   Chef's cart appetizer was great.  All 4 main dishes were exceptional and well priced for the portion size.  Chicken Vindaloo and Lamb Roganjosh stole the show with intense flavor and spice.  Chicken tikka Marsala and mutter with paneer were also delicious.   What our group noticed was that the ingredients, especially the meats, were high quality versus what is often passed off on the Gerrard street strip.  I hope the quality continues and this place stays at the beach for many years to come.",5.0
"I went here with some coworkers and the food was fresh and delicious (we had nachos and fries), drinks were awesome ($5 for beers and certain cocktails), and the service was some of the nicest I've ever experienced. The general atmosphere was very friendly and unassuming. :) Hitch is a great place with an awesome menu and a heart of gold.  (Side-note: It's quite loud, and you have to kind of yell to people - even if you're right beside them. Perhaps not the best place if you're looking for an intimate night out. However, the service, menu, and atmosphere MORE than make up for that.) I'm excited to come back soon!",5.0
Great park for family fun. They even host music festivals there which is fantastic. Something for everyone for sure!,4.0
"I am not very good at wrapping gifts without them looking rather messy.  So, for a recent special occasion, I took the gift (a book) in to Alligator Soup to have it professionally wrapped.  
The store is crazy-packed with all kinds of generic gifts, greeting cards and such.  It was hard to even tell where the register was because the counter was so cluttered.  I was told it would be $7.50 for the wrapping and was shown some gift wrap to choose from.  I was very surprised at the limited choices of solid color paper, but selected one.  I was not asked about the occasion or the accompanying ribbon.  I was very surprised at the finished result - you could see the title of the book right through the paper.  I mentioned this to the lady helping me, but she just offered to move the bow.  No thanks!  I have had gifts wrapped at Papyrus before and the results were beautiful.  For $7.50, I would expect them to have a better quality paper or to at least double wrap it.  It felt like a rip-off and I don't feel as though the clerk really cared.  I wouldn't go back for anything.",1.0
"If you want an infection, come here. Being in the industry, I know not to come to chop shops but they were the only ones open at 8pm and needed it that night. If you get the guy who works there, run as fast as you can out of there. He pretended to get the tools out of the autoclave. I say pretended because I saw that he didn't have to open the package to get the tools out, he simply just dumped them out without opening the tab that is supposed to be sealed shut. They just place the dirty tools back in the same package so it looks like they are coming out of a new sterilized pack. Once I said something he rolled his eyes at me and said something to the co worker next to him. Things like this went on the whole time. His body was turned, looking at the tv behind him while he was pushing my cuticles back. Which obviously he wasn't doing because he wasn't watching, so he was actually pushing on the top of my toe. I had to ask for the buffer to buff my own nails, because he didn't understand when I asked him to do it. He must have gotten upset that I said something because then he jabbed me with a sharp tool underneath my nail bed. I hope to god I don't get hep c or something. Then at the end I had to ask for the polish back so I could redo all the spots he missed. Horrible!! I guess it was my fault for going to a chop shop but I didn't know they were this bad!",1.0
"I LOVE SUGAR FACTORY!!!

Pro: Restaurant food and drinks were AMAZING! Well Priced! Open 24 hrs

Con: Desserts are TERRIBLE! Don't bother trying them.

This was one place on my trip to Vegas that I definitely wanted to stop in because of their amazing looking drinks. I also wanted to check out the crystallized lollipops just to see what they looked like.

In a great location across from our hotel, this was the perfect location to start our trip. We had lunch here around 2 pm, and we got a good view of the Bellagio water show (daytime version). Cozy, not over air-conditioned like most places in Vegas, and reasonably priced.

I had the Turkey burger with sweet potato fries and it was DELISH! My 3 other friends enjoyed their meals, as well. The drinks... were... PHENOM! They were also HUGE so we split 2 drinks among 4 girls. We had the lollipop signature drink, and the gummi bear drink. I preferred the gummi bear. It was just sweet enough and tasted like juice. Just the presentation of the drinks was awesome... they bring out the ""fish bowl"" like glasses with ice, and pour the drink in front of you so it gives off a dry ice effect. So worth it! 

Now for the bad... we returned here for dessert before our flight home. This must be where the bad reviews for this place come from. The gelato was chalky, I personally had a ""Barbi"" smoothie and it was TERRIBLE... tasted like pure strawberry syrup. For an $8 shake, I couldn't wait to toss it out, it was that bad. We also brought back the little cupcake cookie jars, and the cookies were stale and not tasty. My cousin tried the Red Velvet cupcake and it was dry, hard, and tasteless.... so basically, all their desserts are a no go... from the gelato, to shakes, cupcakes, and cookies. 

Go for the restaurant... food and drinks are AMAZING! I'd eat here again!",4.0
Ironically the best two dishes in a sushi place were pork belly and shishito peppers :) fish was OK but coming from San Francisco we are spoiled.,4.0
Loved it! The baked lobster roll is to die for and the cucumber drink is a must! We will be back!,5.0
"Pros: Good seats and nice old man ticket man 
Cons: Loud people in the theatre (no control) mean old lady ticket lady",3.0
"i think the one in NY is much better.
i don't remember their frozen hot chocolate being as sweet.  
the mochaccino was way too sweet....

and the food! do not get the food.
the nachos are disgusting.  sO salty and the chips are so huge that it's not easy to eat unless you break them.  it's like the size of 4 normal tortilla chips put together.

their burger.. also disgusting!
overpriced too.
will never come back.",3.0
"Came here to order the frozen hot chocolate but also had a meal. I can see why it has an average of 3 stars. Ordered the Alfredo pasta which came with 2 slices of garlic focaccia, literally 4 slices of tomato and 3 pieces of boiled broccoli and I think it's $4 more to add chicken (which we did). The pasta tasted ok but it was not worth the price. 

We ordered the double chocolate version of the frozen hot chocolate and it was not as great as I expected but it definitely cooled us down from the obliterating Vegas summer heat! I swear there was at least a 1/3 of a can of whipped cream on top. Who's complaining? *cricket noises*
When the waiter brought our order he mentioned there were 15 types of chocolate in the drink and all I could think was ""whoa, there's 15 types of chocolate in the world? Where have I been?!""",3.0
I'm surprised by the bad reviews. We were seated immediately on a Sunday for brunch and had excellent service through out. Everyone at the table ordered something different and everything was wonderful. I ordered the fried eggs Benedict and it was the best breakfast I've ever had. I expected the price since it's a more touristy spot. Would definitely come back!,5.0
Food was amazing! A bit pricer than most places but for the amount of food you get its so worth it! Servings are more than enough for 2! I highyl recommend the Grilled Cheese and Tomatoe Basil soup!!! This place is usually crowded but we didnt wait more than 10 minutes for our table of 6! Staff was helpful with making selections! I cant wait to go back!,5.0
"Looking for good lunch spots close to work can be a tricky thing.  Sometimes I randomly stop at a place simply because it's convenient.  Such was the case with Panini Cafe.

I drive past Panini every day on my way home from work and never once was I tempted to try it.  Located in a strip mall it really didn't look like much.  Luckily Panini Cafe is far more than meets the eye.

The interior is simple and clean, nothing too amazing.  It's the food that really makes an impression.  

The menu makes me chuckle a little, due to what some would consider to be misleading item names.  A 'gyro' here is not what you'd expect.  This is Bosnian food and it's delicious.

I ordered a meat and onion 'pita.'  I paid a little over six bucks for the pita and a soda and headed back to work.  Opening the box I was surprised at what I saw.

A gigantic loaf of something sat there, smelling like heaven.  This thing was huge.  by huge I mean I could have boarded down a mountain on it.  Piping hot beef, cabbage and onions made up the filling.  The crust was made of Phyllo dough and was perfectly cooked.

This is comfort food at it's best.  The flavor was simple but delicious.  I was able to get two full meals outta this thing.  Two meals, six bucks...

For a rustic treat, give Panini Cafe and Bakery a try.

Note:  I'm not much for sweets, but the pastries here looked divine.",4.0
"Nice welcoming place.   Somewhat limited menu and offering outdoor seating.
The mousaka was pretty good though not excellent since it seemed  over spiced but the portion was huge..  My friend had the chicken shishkabob and I tried it and was very tasty.
Also tried the saganaki (flaming cheese though they wont light it up) which was tasty but a bit too dry.  Overall, a good place for greek food.  Service was attentive and pleasant.",4.0
"When my wife had an accident, my previous mechanic (who doesn't do body repairs) referred me to Penn Automotive. It was our first experience in a car accident so I didn't know what to expect, but working with Penn Automotive made it a not-so-bad experience. A couple months later, I scheduled another visit to make a couple more repairs, which I knew would be costly. They did one of them, and advised that I shouldn't do the other because it wasn't necessary. I appreciated that they didn't just suck money out of my pocket, even though I was willing to pay for the other repair they deemed unnecessary. One month later, I scheduled a safety inspection at Penn Automotive but my car failed the inspection because struts and tie rods needed to be replaced and it also needed wheel alignment. They gave me an estimate for how much these repairs would cost. When they eventually did the repairs, the actual cost was significantly lower than their estimate. They later explained to me that they estimated the cost based on a worst-case scenario but they found some internal parts to be in good shape which saved me about $300. I even paid for less labor hours than was estimated! Very honest folks.

... and Joel who runs the place uses email effectively, which is convenient for people who prefer this kind of communication.",5.0
"DAYTIME HOME INVASION!!!

DO NOT LIVE HERE!!!  Moved my son & his friend in there while attending school... They have had parts stolen off their vehicles, police called there for domestic disputes on numerous occasions, but today takes the cake! They were the victims of a HOME INVASION!!! At 11am on a Monday!! My son was just waking up from working late the night before when a guy opens the door to his bedroom... my son yelled at him to the the hell out! On his way out the guy grabbed a backpack on the floor (that he apparently had been filling with their car keys, ipods & other stuff around the house) & attempted to leave, of course my son grabbed the pb from him & the douchbag pulled a KNIFE! Fortunately my son didn't pursue him further & the guy ran off! He had also unhooked all of their electronics, pocketed & got away with their wallets! When I called the office to make sure they would be fixing the lock & reinforcing the sliding door with a piece of wood in the track, they said ""yes, the police came by & asked about where was that apt.... but I told them I didn't know what was going on"" DUH?!  Thankfully they have already given notice & will be out in less than a week anyways but THIS COMPLEX IS NOT SAFE!  

OH & FULL OF ROACHES!!!",1.0
"The woman with a scarf was a total bitch - rude rude rude. Don't want your insurance, don't have to explain myself so move on and hurry up your customer service and fix that attitude honey. Don't pretend the mini van you stuck us with was an ""upgrade."" Rude service - will specifically use a different company next time!!!! Update: We used Alamo on our second trip to Vegas and we had no problems!",1.0
"Great restaurant,  fantastic variety  of food with great service.  The filet sandwich is awesome and the potato skins are a guilty pleasure.",5.0
"Cool concept. You select your cookies, ice cream and toppings. Resulting cookie is giant, probably would be reasonable to make this the meal itself rather than dessert. Very tasty but huge.",4.0
"I found this location while visiting Costco. I didnt plan on getting coffee, but the line for the gas station was so long, I decided I had better get a drink so I didnt die while waiting. 

I found the staff very friendly and there was ample seating. I simply hung out on their patio until the gas line depleted in size... Then hoped in my car and  I didnt have to wait in like for 30 minutes thirsty :)",4.0
"Unexpected greatness.

So we had business to attend to in the area, and I had heard they replaced the Eggsmart with a pretty decent dinner place.  I also knew they served brunch (from 9-4!), and it was 12:30, so I figured we'd walk by and see how crazy it is.  Because we all know that brunch places on a Sunday in Toronto can have line-ups out the door, even the not-so-good places.

All the pros:
- no line-up.  Lots of seats.
- had a Starbucks coffee in my hand. Asked if I should throw it out; server said of course not, keep it.  Big points.
- Quick, efficient, friendly, amazing service from our Ryan Philippe-look-alike server.  
- I ordered two dishes because I'm a glutton.  I had the grilled cheese - perfect bread, toasted perfect, three cheeses, perfect size.  I also had the chocolate banana bread french toast - with caramel sauce all over the place.  Served piping hot.  This was like the best thing ever, and I'm really not a sweet-brunch person.  I usually prefer savoury dishes.
- grapefruit mimosas or orange. Grapefruit went well for brunch.
- nice bathrooms
- great pricing - each dish $10-14.  

All the cons:
- not next door to where I live

Will be back to try the dinner, but will for sure be back for many brunches.",5.0
"Ran across this place while running around Vegas. First visit here, got a chance to meet the owner who was so nice! The place is under new management. Great prices for a great pizza!",5.0
"Excellent place, parking in the back, nice environment, really professional service, the  Oysters are very fresh  and not expensive at all.
Their Japa burgers are so tasty as well as their tiger shrimp.
In terms of sushi the double tuna (I this it's called )  is quite good too.
I've been there at least 7 times and I'll definitely go there again I've and over",5.0
"If you don't thoroughly enjoy peanuts, get the hell out of this bar!

The Loft is a multi-level bar with an upstairs with countless booths and a long ""pickup window"" at the center of the bar, as well as a somewhat-hidden basement with a more standard bar setup. The memory of this place I will have of this place years after I move on from my college lifestyle is the abundance of peanuts in this place. It's amazing how rapidly people devour peanuts and throw the shells on the ground.

They always have specials going on, so beer here is cheap. I don't think it's a douchey bar, but you will find your douche bag types here every now and then.

Bartenders here are either hit or miss. The bartenders upstairs were only average -- my friends didn't like one in particular -- while the bartender in the basement was amazing. Drinks are strong and tasty, just how alcohol should be.

If you are over the age of 25, I would not recommend this bar to you. If you are under 25, you will probably enjoy it more than you should.",3.0
"I don't like to leave negative comments but Nick (the reviewer) is absolutely right. The staff didn't even look at us, told us to come back after ""a few minutes"". He didn't tell us when to come back. As a matter of fact, he didn't tell us to come back at all. I get that people need to take a break, that's not what I am complaining about. It's the way he said it. If you like to be treated like a customer, not a nagger, go elsewhere.",1.0
Always great to come here. Helpful and knowledgeable. Only lack a tv in the waiting room. Their techs are good and take the time to explain everything. It is good working with them on my truck!,4.0
"Stayed here for my bf's best friends bday weekend. All I can say is it was more than we had expected! For what we paid we stayed in a super luxurious suite with a plasma, two bathrooms (one with a jacuzzi tub), view of the pool and a fold out sofa bed.  Needless to say our suite ended up being the party suite for our group of 12, since everyone else went the other route and stayed at the Hilton. (Ugh.) My only complaint was that the sounds from the hall echoed terribly into our room, making it sound as though people were at the foot of our room door instead of down the hall. Other than that, fantastic! Would recommend for anyone who wants a taste of affordable luxury.",4.0
"Just making a reservation at this hotel can be very deceiving to begin with. We booked for a ""non-smoking"" room specifically seeing that my husband and I have allergies. But at check in conveniently they only wanted to shove us the ""smoking"" room saying that they were all out of rooms. 
Ideally good customer care will want to help out customers seeing that they have a HUGE hotel with so many rooms. We checked in on a Wednesday night .. okay I understand Vegas can be busy any day but a good customer service is ""accommodative"" to its customers to display good customer service. 
But this place was completely UNHELPFUL and showed us no interest in helping us out with any sort of upgrade or room change. We infact had 2 rooms booked and we are a returning customer. 
Definitely not coming back after such a unfriendly and unaccomodative behavior. We certainly have more nicer hotels to visit in Vegas ... Treasure Island is the not the only hotel to stay in Vegas. They need to do a better job in being friendlier to their customers ... else it's a matter of time they loose out to so many other competitors out on the strip!",1.0
"Employees steal your electronics,, cell phones etc.  they have cameras but only for their best interests, not yours.  Spend your money elsewhere.    ,,,,,,,,,,,, STAY AWAY FROM HERE !!!
Okay so now we are leaving and the valet was hot rodding my suv so the ice chest tipped over and the inside is now saturated with water.  Their response ,, it should have been secured.  Asked for the supervisor and he said he was.   Again STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE and all MGM hotels.",1.0
"The casino and room was amazing. The girl who checked us in was professional and very nice. She even upgraded our room since it was our 5 year anniversary. My husband and I really enjoyed everything about the hotel, except for a visit we had in the TI To Go shop. We were on our way back to our room and decided to stop in for a Krispy Kreme. Well as my husband was getting the donuts the box collapsed on him and two donuts fell to the floor. Your employee Carol (is what her name tag said) The receipt says Carolina) saw the whole thing happen and knew it was an accident, but instead of being courteous and understanding she was extremely rude. She told my husband to throw the two donuts away as he was apologizing. Then she walked up to the case and grabbed the box from my husbands hands. She then proceeded to very sternly tell him how he was doing it wrong and wouldn't allow him to get the donuts. She got them instead. I might add we had not been drinking what so ever, and nor were acting crazy. It was an honest mistake and she made my husband feel so stupid. After she got the donuts she gave him the box and we were ready to check out. She walked up to the counter and didn't say a word. She wouldn't even make eye contact with us. She was extremely rude and literally said nothing to us. I was absolutely appalled at her behavior. I understand she probably gets a lot of crazy people in and out through her shifts, but we were not one of them, and if she can't handle what the job throws at her then she should get a new one. The way she acted you would of thought we came in belligerent and knocked the whole case down. She is an extremely rude and unprofessional person. She does not deserve to have her job with the attitude she has. I work in customer service and if one of my employees would of behaved in this manner they would be gone. Someone really needs to have a stern talking to with her. Other than that your hotel was lovely and my husband and I would definitely stay there again.",3.0
"This establishment is located in the Monte Carlo shops in the back of the casino next to the food court. Prices were normal for a gourmet cupcake. We bought it for a friend's birthday and we didn't get around to eating it until 2-3 days later, but even then the cupcake was sooo MOIST still. That's definitely a good sign! I was expecting it to be hard and crusty... not at all! Love it! I would come back here if I was a local. We tried Red Velvet, some chocolate kind, a lemon flavor one and i can't remember the 4th one. But the Red Velvet was my favorite! Delish!",4.0
"Wanted to get my A/C ready for the summer and thought it would be best to have it serviced, my time is very limited and when calling around, I was unable to find a company to come out when it was convenient for me.  

I called Emergency Air conditioning and Heating and they were able to come out the same day.  Chris was very helpful on the phone and arrived on time.  Before they began their work they explained what they were going to do-asked if we had any questions.

One thing that impressed me was they wore cloth covers on their shoes upon entering my home-at all times their shoes were covered as to not dirty my carpet!   

Efficient, clean, detailed and great customer service-and it did not break the bank.  I was surprised at how affordable they are and will continue to use them whenever needed.",5.0
"TOCA itself is not a bad place at all, it's the physicians who are terrible.

I was a patient there for my lower back, neck and shoulder-blade pain. (The pain was all over, really) I saw Dr. Vivek Mehta and Dr. Christopher Huston. Both were totally incompetent and uncaring.

After several X-RAYS, failed diagnostic test injections, and medications neither doctor could offer a reasonable explanation or diagnosis.

I was told sometimes spinal vertebra just get inflamed and pain results. That diagnoses was absolute crap. I'm only 18 years old. Pain doesn't just come from no where and have no explanation. There is always a cause no matter if you're 18 or 80! Pain is not normal, it's a warning sign that must be addressed.

After, I went to a Chiropractor who did a full spinal X-RAY and discovered I had a pretty bad case of scoliosis cause by a pelvic tilt. This was responsible for all of my pain!

My question is how in the world do two orthopedic physicians not detect scoliosis after taking X-RAYS of their own?

These physicians at TOCA are terrible. I hope you take my story as advice and do not see them. The time i wasted with them only caused my scoliosis, pain and damage to my spine to get worse.",1.0
"There simply is no better doughnut to be had. 

Every human should experience krispy kreme at least once in their lifetime. 

Original Glazed. A marvel of culinary engineering. An absolute work of art.",5.0
Great Customer Service! !!!! Wonderful selection of glasses. Will definitely come back & will refer to friends and family.,5.0
"I have been to The Living Room numerous times now and every time is absolutely wonderful. I have had dined in and ordered to go so many times. The awesome fries are... Well AWESOME! The Cobb Salad is also one of my favorites! The servers are so great, very attentive..and make you feel at home! Love Love Love! :)",5.0
"Went here yesterday for an end of the year party for our Troop. First off they put us in a party room that was too small for our party so not everyone could even sit down and eat. Then they tried to do party games with our 18 kids and trying to do them in a small corner of the room was ridiculous. Half the kids couldn't even get any tickets or balloon animals.

Now for the food. I've been here 3 times before and this was quite possible the worst the buffet yesterday. First off there was very little selection and the workers told us fat we had to ask for any pizza that wasn't out there. What? You don't have plain cheese or pepperoni pizza in a pizza buffet? Then we asked for a pizza and that took forever to make! We also asked for a second soup (the potato one) and it took almost an hour for them to ""make"" it and then they literally put out one bowl. Not a pot, but enough to fill one bowl. My girls asked if they were going to put out any more desserts (there was a chocolate cake but some idiot had let their child smash all the pieces with the tongs.)  and they said ""no we aren't wasting food."" Seriously? Is this food coming out of their mouth? Not to mention this is Vegas, I can spend $14 and go to a real buffet where I don't have to ask for food to be made and can actually eat more than one slice.

The games were good, most in good repair, the kids always like the rides. However claiming our tickets was a total nightmare. The scanner gun wasn't working. Then we tried to combine 2 cards and she accidentally erased all the credits!!! What?! Then the manager came but didn't know how to put them back on so they gave us paper tickets to go feed into the machine and put back on the card. So because of your mistake I now have to work twice as hard for some cheap toy. You can't just take the card and give me the toy?

Needless to say the kids like it because I don't think they care about anything, but the logistical nightmare of this place is ridiculous. You have multiple people working there that I think are just there to make it seem like there's workers but don't really do anything. For the amount we paid, we will be going elsewhere next time.",2.0
Get there early.  Pizza is is better than Cici's and Chuck Cheese.  Great place for families.  Bring your wallet $$.,4.0
"I'll add my thoughts to what others have already expressed.  The Chandelier is beautifully decorated and sophisticated lounge. One would describe the lounge to see and be seen and which makes an element of people watching all the more interesting. 
The drinks are expensive but delicious and worth the splurge if you want to relax and take in the classy environment. 
The lounge also has live music from Thursday through Sunday nights. On our last visit, during Labor Day weekend, Mark & The Martinis were performing and they did an excellent job of providing good entertainment. They sung old school songs from the Rat Pack which gave it an old classy Vegas vibe. People in the lounge were singing along and having a good time. 
As usual, the bartenders provided exceptional service. They may get a little slow when they are really busy but not to the point where it's obnoxious and will acknowledge that they will be right with you. 

Good times!",5.0
"FUN! I was here for a convention at the hotel and we wrapped it up with a few rounds at the Chandelier. Bartenders were attentive, knowledgeable, chatty, and fast. The waitresses were equally pleasant. crowd was cool; old young, CEO's and weekend partiers all shared the same space and intermingled. Not a stuck up person in the house. It lost a star because, 1. the music is pretty loungy and 11oclock hits and everyone is waiting for the uptick that never happens. 2. It seems like  a stopover place for  Marquee, so around 1130 the place empties out and loses some energy. Still, it was fun, and welcoming to the business traveler that shows up alone and the group of long time friends, alike.",4.0
"I love it here, it is just soooo beautiful! Strings and strings of chandeliers everywhere, its just gorgeous, I think its the way the lights hit them.  My bf and I come here every time we are in Vegas, I'm trying to make it a tradition to buy him a drink here each time. Either a victory shot for winning his bets or a drink to make him feel better (last few times have been victories (=, luckily ) They make a good drink here and service is great and you can't help but feel a little fancy when your in here. There is three levels and tons of little nooks and cranies for you to explore and sit and have a drink. You can sit at the bar our they even have little cozy chairs so it feels a little romantic at times. Sure its a little pricey but I think your paying for an experience and the ambiance for sure. I highly recommend you check it out if you've never been, its quite a sight!",5.0
"Everyone has been talking about how great Millie's was so we had to try it.

I had the best chocolate ice cream & thought it was good, but definitely not the best I've had. My mom and cousin had it too and felt the same.

The girl who got our ice cream was nice & let us try the ice cream before we bought some. The lady who ring us up was really snotty. 

It is not a very warm place and the ice cream was just ok. I would not go back.",3.0
"Loved the homemade ice cream from Millie's as it was a recommendation from my sister who lives in Pittsburgh. The lines were long but that was a testament to the popularity of the ice cream. I had the chocolate in a cone, one scoop was enough for me. My husband had the maple and bourbon milk shake which he drank down quickly. He liked that it was neither too thin or thick. The gave him a thick straw.  We sat outside on one of the three picnic benches.  

Note: this has stairs and I didn't see a wheelchair accessible entrance.",5.0
We love it here! Amazing cocktails and ever better staff!! The #ginning is my favorite!! Great for a late night night cap or even to come in early and grab dinner. Michael always makes time to stop by and make sure we are enjoying our experience and we always are!,5.0
We are a regular here and every time they make some mistake on our orders because we order around 15 meals at a time... Today they did not make a mistake but had to fight over $1.73 of extra sauce on a $150 order... I can understand if I ordered one meal and asked for free sauce...,1.0
"This was my first time here and I have to say, I must be really spoiled from the great Mexican food in Los Angeles, because the food here had NO flavor!!  I ordered the chicken tostada shell and although there was a lot of chicken, it had zero flavor and was really dry.  My husband had the huevos ranchos (I will give them one star for that meal), my Mom ordered the nachos, which were okay, Dad ordered the Botana 'Papa Chencho' (an appetizer) that looked great, but again...the food had no flavor-as in, NO seasoning at all and the meat (chicken and beef) both were really dry.  

I would guess anyone could swing a dead cat and hit a better Mexican restaurant than this place. Seriously though, with all the awards and five star reviews, this place is a huge disappointment and WAY overpriced.

The second star is for the excellent wait staff.  I feel bad that their tips may suffer for the awful food.

On a side note, the restaurant wasn't very clean.  Needless to say, I will not be returning.",2.0
"Been here a few times for lunch, and stopped in for a pastry another few times.  Service has always been quick enough to suit me. 

While it is called a Bakery, and they specialize in a delightful assortment of pies, and cakes, and cookies, and more; they also have a good selection for lunch.  I've had bot the New Orleans Poboy and the California Club.  I cannot attest to the authenticity of the poboy, but I can attest to it's quality.  It was a large sandwich, full of chicken and sausage.  Not greasy at all, and well seasoned.  The California Club got its name (i assume) from the liberal use of avocado.  The Club was delicious and I would strongly recommend it to anyone.  For sides I've tried the macaroni and cheese and the haluski.  The mac and cheese was a bit disappointing.  The sauce was on the runny side, and tasted a bit generic.  On the other hand, the haluski was excellent.

Their deserts are absolutely wonderful.  Their carrot cake is worth devouring, as are their lemon coconut bars.  The only complaint about their peanut butter brownie is that it might be too rich to finish in one sitting (is that really a complaint?).  I never leave there without having a snicker-doodle cookie also.

I cannot attest to their coffee, but their iced tea is quite good.  It is fresh brewed, fairly frequently.  

In nicer weather, they have a few tables and chairs out front.  While there isn't much to look at but a parking lot and rt19, its always nice to have somewhere you can enjoy a cigarette while you wait for your food.",4.0
What's that you say? Delicious cocktails (highly recommend the spicy bloody mary) and bar grub (sliders and calamari are excellent) for $5 between 4-7pm in an opulent cold-war decorated Disneyland? I'm all in!,4.0
"I have to say it was such a great experience seeing my baby again, especially in 3D. 
The lady there was really nice and sweet, she made my experience really nice. 
The bed there was so comfortable I could fall asleep. It was a nice room as well, even my fianc said it was really nice.
It was just a very welcoming and comfortable place to get an ultrasound done.
I would no doubt come back again with my second child.",5.0
"Food was fine, wings and their house made sauce is very tasty. Service needs a lot of improvement. 20 minutes for a water seems a little too much. Place was not packed, some empty tables so that isn't really an excuse. Our waiter was super chatty with other tables who seemed like they were his buddies outside of work. We tried refilling my water at the bar, and for some reason ""they don't keep water at the bar..."" There beer was good though.",3.0
"Honestly, just don't bother with this place.  I've been to this place 3 times over the course of working in Liberty Village and in my honest opinion this place doesn't hold up.

1st off, I have to get this off my plate.  While I acknowledge that they are places that only accept cash, it's typically in areas where a bunch of vendors will come together and not accept cash.  Pho Asia 21, on the other hand still ONLY accept cash, where everywhere else accepts at the bare minimum debit card (and also credit card).  But I digress...

Let me get through the positives before I go into the negatives because there are so highlights.  

The dish, I ordered (#104L (medium) - Pho Tai (beef tendon / rare beef), the noodles were cooked to my liking, a small bite but not undercooked.  The tendon itself was cooked very well and a massive improvement from the 1st time I went where the tendon was hard, unclean and an unpleasant aftertaste.  This time, it was cooked all the way through and melt in your mouth (really good).  The beef was ok, but considering it's rare beef it came cooked all the way through but I didn't mind...tasty beef.

And....that's about all I have to say with the positives.

So, service wise.  As attentive as he was (there wasn't a whole lot of customers), I wasn't provided any tea at all (a slight irritation but since I wasn't in the mood for tea, I kind of let it slide and asked for water instead, during my meal).  Overall, he did his job well and brought the food in a timely manner.  Heck, even knew when I needed the check, he had it ready (not sure if that's just him wanting me to leave or just good intuition, I'll leave that for you to decide).

The dish I had as mentioned while there were good points, the broth...ugh...it's definitely laced in MSG.  Hence probably why I asked for that glass of water because while it tasted great at first, I could feel it on my tongue the desire to drink water like ASAP...that rather uncomfortable numb feeling that I get from my tongue. 

3rd off, call me picky or whatever but I just can't stand when there are flies flying around in the restaurant.  It makes me wonder whether the dish I'm eating is clean and the fact that I have to be constantly air-swatting my food to keep the fly away just gives me another unpleasant feeling about this place.

My last point, and this isn't necessarily a negative (well kind-of) but pricing wise, it's $0.50 - $1.00+ more expensive than the regular pho places I go to and offer up better quality than this place produces.  Their largest bowl is $10.50 which is absolutely massive and ridiculous when it's like $1.50 cheaper elsewhere.  

I was hoping for this place to improve, espeically over the number of years that it's been business but honestly, I give up...find somewhere else.",2.0
"I recently came back from a trip to Japan and after 2 weeks on a sushi/ramen diet, guess what I was craving? Sushi. Unfortunately the sushi restaurant was closed that evening so I went for the next best thing - ramen! 
 
I heard goods thing about Ryu's Noodles so I thought it was a good time to check it out since I was already in the area. I order the Shoyu dip noodle and it honestly the best I ever had! The noodles were cooked al dente and the dipping sauce was thick enough to stick to the noodles but not overly concentrated & salty. The order comes with deeeelious sides like bamboo, pork and sous vide chicken. If you haven't tried this method of preparing chicken, you're in for a very pleasant surprise. 
 
I also had a taste of the pork blaster ramen...soup was tasty and again, not overly salty. This order comes with a lot of melt-in-your-mouth pork so make sure you order this on a very empty stomach. 
 
I am very happy I gave this restaurant a try and it is now my go-to the next time I'm craving ramen.",5.0
"Okay, still a solid 4 stars, but I have to update to make sure everyone is aware that if there was a soup good enough to warrant putting up with the beratings of a moody Saddam Hussein doppelganger a la Seinfeld, it would be the #15 soup at Thai Lahna.  It's absolutely incredible.  Mouthgasm in every spoonful.  I don't even want to know what's in it because it definitely tastes like ""butter"" is one of the top 3 ingredients, which makes it awesome for my mouth but not so awesome for my ass. But it's totally worth it.",4.0
"Delicious and great service

Came here because I saw them in DDD.

Food
Eggs and wild mushrooms-if you like mushrooms this dish is for you! Its a beautiful forge of mushrooms of many kinds on top of spinach and eggs I added garlic to my dish. Would definitely get again.

Daughter-pancake breakfast she ate it all up and I had a bite it was great.

Great coffee, good juice, and awesome menu.",3.0
"We just came back from breakfast/brunch today.  We were expecting great things, but were totally disappointed.  We both had different forms of eggs Benedict.  The eggs were relatively small, the english muffin they use was very thin but large in diameter, so the egg was like a quarter in the middle of this thin large muffin, and they used ham vs canadian bacon.  My husband had the lox (with bone in it!).  We both thought the hollandaise sauce was tasteless, watered down and must have been from a diluted mix because it totally lacked any discernible taste.  We would not return.",3.0
"Green is by far one of my favorite restaurants to eat at.  My husband loves it too and he is a carnivore!  Our favorite things to get are the ""boneless buffalo wings"" and something that another customer shared with me while waiting in line that is not on the menu ""the Wendy's pickle sandwich"" It is amazing!  Another special they have from time to time is ""the big WAC"" and I must say it is better than the real thing!!!!!",5.0
"My friend and I split a Po Boy, BBQ chicken sandwich and some crab puffs. I'm not a vegan but I decided it was time for something healthy. i liked the Po Boy it was quite spicy. It was almost as good as the vegan Po Boy at wholefoods. The crab puffs tasted good but I like the regular stuff. I loved the BBQ chicken though it tasted almost like regular chicken and it was really tasty.  The fries were really tasty too. The only missing star is because the atmosphere to me different I'm not quite used to it but I highly recommend this place to others.",4.0
"There's nothing quite like walking the Strip and getting a sudden brain freeze from a Fat Tuesday.

This particular location is located in the Miracle Mile Shops in Planet Hollywood. It also is one of the more popular locations, so expect a wait.

My cousins and I came by on a late Thursday afternoon, and there was no wait fortunately.

I decided to grab their "".44 Magnum"" (Hurricane and 190 Octane) with an extra shot in their Yard Dog size. I don't know if it was just because my alcohol tolerance was low or whatever, but whoa, did that give me a good buzz. And for $15, a pretty cheap one!

Their .44 Magnum in particular has a mellow orange flavor. If you don't prefer a strong alcohol ""flavor,"" I'd suggest straying from this flavor just because the alcoholic taste is pretty strong.

However, if you're looking for a quicker buzz, definitely add that extra shot. It's only $1!

Bartenders were pretty friendly. Before you reach them, the person checking IDs maintains the line from their station. They'll only let your party through once the bartender is done taking your order, so don't take TOO long. Like me. Heh.",4.0
"One of the essential things you need to get when in Vegas. When I was 21 in Vegas for the first time, this is the first place I wanted to go. Who doesn't want a delicious slushy that has the potential to make you drunk? 

The Mango-Strawberry is my favorite drink mixture and I always get an extra shot for $1. It's best to share the Monster Yard size and just walk around the strip.",5.0
"Drive thru service was expeditious and got our order out to us in a matter of seconds. The food was hot, fresh, and made right without any leaks in the burritos, which is one of my biggest issues with taco bell. I like this location.",4.0
"Nano Brew is obviously known for their beer, however, I know them best for their food. They have such an underrated brunch. It's absolutely amazing. And their burgers are THE best (try the acid trip). Hangover fries, amazing. Donut holes, delicious. I've never had anything bad there. Also love their patio in the summer. Such a great spot. Oh and also, they are great for take out! Love the falafel wrap. Wowza, truly a winner in my books.",5.0
"Good, standard burrito. I would go back for the convenience of being close to home and a tasty last minute option. Doesn't stand out from other burrito joints but reliable and good all the same. Nothing bad to say.",3.0
"Cool neighborhood pub/ restaurant. Great outdoor seating, much larger than it appears from street.",4.0
"I don't even know how to start, came here Saturday night, was pretty calm inside not super busy. Some other patrons were looking upset already at the end of there meal, all of a sudden they start cursing and trying to start a fight. That just kills the mood, food was ok at best, ordered prime rib medium rare, came with a big piece of fat and was if best medium. Friend ordered rib eye, and I swear the meat had a cut like a skirt steak, vegetables were on point though. What a experience...",2.0
"There are no redeeming qualities about this club.  The view, music, decor, etc. was all mediocre.  And it was a $50 entry fee for a couple with very expensive drinks.  I'll never go to Eve again.",2.0
"ATTENTION VEGAS-TOURISTS:  A WORD ABOUT ""LAVO""
I've been to Lavo a few times - mostly because other less-experienced parties have dragged me there.  As someone that's actually partaken of their services as a guest, (as opposed to being an employee of Lavo like most of the recent reviews on this site [ahem]) let me be the one to tell you:

-- Some of the claims made by these 5-star-reviewing, Lavo Employees are at least, supernaturally inflated and at most, just patentedly false. 

Lavo's kind of a sad place that appears to have spent an inordinate amount of cash on decor, architecture & efforts to reinvigorate a club/restuarant that never really took off since its inception.  It's like the stepchild of Tao which is a less-than-authentic Asian club/restaurant as well but is really popular with us members of the Asian crowd making it a destination club for tourists and, to a nauseating degree, other guys that simply like hounding Asian women.

But unfortunately, Lavo doesn't even have that going for it.  If Tao is the Dr. Evil of Night Clubs, Lavo is like Mini Me:  It's tiny and not really useful for anything.

Here's a few things to consider:

-- 15 FAKE REVIEWS:  Their staff appears to have posted an onslaught of clearly artificial 5-star reviews from 0/1 people who'd never visited Yelp before over a span of a week, (Look at the reviews between 7/8 - 7/13)  I assume because Lavo can't get any of their real patrons to post positive experiences.

-- LESS THAN 3-STARS:  They've got an average of 3-stars across 120+ reviews when you filter out the one-and-dones.  In fact, prior to their desperate & fraudulent review posts, the club was trending DOWNWARD below their historical average of 3-stars.

-- TINY:  I love how the fake reviews of this place try to spin this as a positive.  The first time I walked in to Lavo, it was on a Friday & I was reminded of the famed movie quote, ""You'll never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.""  As I passed the predominantly male, sweaty & oversexed crowd, I realized that part of what really turned me off was how Lavo was just 'ultra lounge' size but was trying to be a 'nightclub' big.  The bottom line is that Lavo's diminutive size means that there's really nowhere to escape the Affliction shirt-donning, Axe-bodyspray wearing, frosted tips-sporting guys with tribal arm band tattoos & tattered jeans.  There's always gonna be some liquored up dude listening in on your conversation and butting in to say, ""HeyhowYOUdoin'?""  So have fun ladies.

-- WEAK SAUCE CUISINE:  Lavo's original menu was probably so poorly received they scrapped the whole Mediterranean theme for an Italian one. (Because we all love jumping up & down to hiphop after eating a starchy meal of pasta, right?)  They appear to have kept the kitchen intact because I've had both menus & the menu items appear interesting but the resulting food is consistently mediocre. Jesus Lavo:  How can you f'up Linquini & Clam Sauce?  Better yet, how do you not serve lasagna at an Italian restaurant?

-- GHOST TOWN:  I've been dragged to Lavo on two occasions where there was nobody & I mean NOBODY around.  Get ready for a similar experience if you go any day other than Friday or Saturday, and on those days, it's...

-- SAUSAGE CITY:  On the nights that there are actually people there, the club has a very oddly slanted ratio toward guys.  Basically, it's clear this isn't where the hooked up ladies want to be for whatever reason.  (The Palazzo's ladies must be going to a club where things are done 'right', like across the bridge at Encore's XS)  To be honest, it's mostly amateur night in the club which kind of makes sense when you consider most of the overflow from Tao, i.e. folks that have no hookup or are noobs to Vegas club scene, matriculates to Lavo.

-- TOP 40:  Hope you like MTV ""TRL-esque"" music like Lady Gaga, Flo Rida, Ne-Yo, and everything else they play ad nauseum on  Power106 in LA because they're gonna play it over and over and over again until it's burned into your cranium, repeating the same Top 40 music every 30-60 minutes.


Only one positive:
The only reason they get an extra star is the decor is VERY pretty and it's clear that a lot of money's been put into it.  Whomever their designer is gets two thumbs up for having a very elegant touch and a knack for lighting.  That being said, they misfired on virtually everything else.  Music, food, crowd flow.  Their service is frankly a crapshoot:  I've had attentive, smiling waiters there, and I've had complete morons serving us, or should I say, FORGETTING ABOUT US.  Hopefully, they'll someday get their act together but as of right now, their staff clearly does not 'hum' together as one unit.

2-stars.",2.0
"Dance floor is so small. On sunday got in free and open bar, guys paid 30 bucks.",1.0
"I recently spent five righteous days at The Palazzo Hotel in Las Vegas between Christmas and New Year's Eve. On the 1st night, I was hanging out with my Family at the 'Imperial Bar', a suggestion was made to go check out 'LAVO'. We walked in and was seated readily by the highly courteous Waitstaff. We ordered a Massive meatball with Ricotta cheese,  a 4-Cheese Pizza, and some soup - we just wanted to keep it simple for this initial visit. While we were waiting, we were given garlic bread with marinara sauce to nibble upon while waiting for the sumptuous meal to come. During our wait, one of the Managers came over and spent a few minutes to greet us, his name was Francis and he recommended that we head over to 'TAO' Nightclub over at The Venetian Hotel. The food arrived and at the first taste I can honestly say this is some of the Absolute Best Italian fare that I have had in several years. 

We feasted heartily and then expeditiously trekked over to 'TAO' and saw multitudes of folks trying to get in, only to be consistently shot down in their attempts by gain entry by a platoon of Bouncers who were keeping them at bay with great ease - Considering this scene, it did not seem possible that we would gain entry. We ended up being given access in less than 4 minutes just at the mention of Francis's name - what we experienced inside can only be described as a scene that one would only see in a movie - it was spectacular!!! What a wild conclusion to a most flavorful evening!!! 

We made a 2nd visit to 'LAVO' prior to flying out of Vegas, and the ambience along with the food was superior, as it was the first time! I cannot say enough about the customer service they provided, the Waitstaff delivers excellence with a smile every time!!

When I return to Las Vegas, i will be going back to 'LAVO' as the 1st stop on my list. It was excellent experience that I would recommend to anyone looking for Outstanding Italian food in Las Vegas !!!!",5.0
"So disappointing!  The food was average - I've had much better Italian in little ol' Columbus Ohio.  

Highlights: the garlic bread and the service.  We were about to order WAY too much food and our server stopped us in our tracks.  He saved us a ton of money and waste - it was greatly appreciated.

Lowlights: the famous meat ball - good but not fabulous and the salmon was fishy.  

With all the great restaurants in Vegas this is not worth it.",2.0
"Whenever we come to Vegas, we make sure to stop here for breakfast. Everything tastes phenomenal and the amazing breakfast potatoes top it all off. All of the staff has been great! Reina even went out of her way to change an order at the last second. Definitely go here. You won't be disappointed.",5.0
The first time I was here I got coffee and the banana nut muffin.  They are an awesome combination.  I've gone back since. 'Nuff said.,3.0
"First time visiting the Egg and I, and I have no complaints or regrets!  The entire staff is polite and very inviting.  Special shout out to our server Brady,  he was fabulous!  And the food was delicious!  Definitely recommend visiting this establishment if you are visiting the area!",5.0
"I've tried both Wongs and I can say with certainty that I prefer Big Wong.

Since Big Wong closed, I heard that Peter Wong (her brother's place) is fairly similar but I don't think they even come close. When I arrived for dinner, I noticed the decor was very dated. They still had decoration up from the 80s. There was also a mini stage available for wedding, if anyone is interested. 

There were two other parties there but no host was to be seen. It appears to me that there was only the mother/son team working the kitchen and the front of the house. So service was slow all night.

We ordered: deep-fried tofu, stuffed with shrimp; orange flavored chicken and honey walnut shrimp but I was told that they ran out of the sauce for the walnut shrimp (which was mayonnaise) so I switched that out for the roasted duck.

The deep fried tofu was missing a lot of shrimp and by a lot, I mean ""stuffed"" was used loosely on the menu. The roasted duck was heated up in the kitchen because there were pieces that were refrigerator cold. The orange flavored chicken was missing flavor. 

Gordon Ramsey and his Kitchen Nightmare team need to visit this place. I know the owner is a nice person and her son, looks like he hates working here and probably only doing it to help his family out.",1.0
"Stayed here on 2/15/14 for 1 night.  I wish I would have stayed here the whole 5 days I was in Vegas.  I had been Downtown since 2/11 but they could not accommodate me the last night.  Was able to cash In points at the last minute to get a room on a busy holiday weekend.

Had room 104 and it was beautiful.  Yes it was a handicapped accessible but it was the only room they had.  Room was spotless and loved the little walk out patio this room offered.  If I would have had time I would have sit out there all day and soak up the sun!

As with a typical Courtyard they have breakfast and dinner in the lobby along with the Market and a small bar.  Coffee and water in the lobby for free along with the free Wi-Fi.  

They also offer a free one way shuttle to Mandalay Bay, Town Center and the Airport!  They deserve a 5 star just for that!  

Staff were extremely friendly and efficient and appeared to LOVE their job.

The only negative is that there are no restaurants to walk to.  Probably 1/2 mile walk to Terrible's Gas Station if you wanted gas station food!  

I would stay here again in a minute but I go to Casinos in Vegas so it kinda don't work out.  However I know this is my goto hotel the next time I don't wish to go to a Casino!",5.0
"Another decent Valley sushi restaurant.  Nothing to write home about, but it will satifsy a sushi craving.",3.0
"We had to walkout of this place after 1.5 hours of waiting, NOT at all a customer friendly place. They didn't even apologize for the inconvenience.",1.0
"This is a absolutely beautiful Giant Eagle.  I only stopped in to grab a quick bite from the prepared foods section, but I was rather impressed by how clean it was.  It was 9 oclock at night, and they still had a huge section of prepared foods available.  The Starbucks inside was closed, probably due to the fact it was a Sunday night, but that is another plus!",4.0
Just like the menu says - nothing fancy since 1953 and it's perfection.  Ordered The Patrician special with salad.  Beautiful and delicious. Bottomless coffee as a great diner would have.  I'm full and happy.,5.0
"I've not had a bad sushi role yet. I also get the Okinwan soba bowl which is quite tasty. Don't forget to go early on the weekends, they are packed. Food is expensive, but most well run sushi places are ;)",5.0
"Super fresh fish small seating area so arrive early as
they get very busy.service by everyone there is excellent very attentive. I think the best sushi in 
Scottsdale. Very good selection of fish.",5.0
"Went here for my birthday dinner and it was quite busy. We managed to find a place by the bar and it was quite charming. We ordered miso soup, Shumai and couple of sushi dishes. All of it was delicious! We ended the meal with the tempura ice cream and god was it yummy! Will definitely be goin back to this place to try out more from the menu.",4.0
"Authentic Japanese cuisine. Best sushi and sashimi in town, they even have chirashi on the menu and sauteed gobo (burdock root). Sashimi is always fresh, prices are very reasonable. They also have a great lunch special.  I took my four-year-old, who enjoyed the chicken katsu.",5.0
"This quaint cafe sure stays true to its name. First of all it's located on a strip that resembles that of a little winter village. When you walk inside you find yourself stepping into a ""cottage"" with antique-like, cottage-y decor, complete with a creaking wooden floor. 

I visited today because of so many rave reviews regarding their ""amazing butter tarts"" so I was curious. I wasn't overly hungry so I ordered the minestrone ""soup du jour"" and my favorite butter tart - PECAN! 

I sat at the back of the room by the window. My table was the kind you would have found at grandma's with tied-on chair cushions. It was pretty empty but for those who were there, they appeared to be regulars as the staff knew them by name, small town-like. :) 

The minestrone soup wasn't anything special, obviously homemade but definitely not Italian authentic. But i'm was not expecting that from this place. Once that was down the hatch I was ready for the infamous tart!

On looks alone, it didn't wow me and i'm pretty particular about my tarts so I was hoping that the hype was all it was cracked up to be.

Cutting into it with my fork was my first test. I don't like the filling to spill out, I like a more gelatinous texture. Pass!

I liked the thicker pie crust encasing the filling. It was both equal parts buttery, crisp and chewy. Texture love!

Now the filling was smooth, rich and sweet, with the perfect hints of pecans. After devouring it, I had a short argument with my hips and thighs about ordering a second. My hips and thighs won, this time!

Besides Pecan, they have many other choices for tarts as well as biscuits and muffins and other desserts. Any ""defective"" desserts are on display for purchase at a discount and they have coolers filled with Ready-to-serve and frozen entrees to take home. Great for the bachelor in me!

As others would have it said, Yes, place makes a pretty scrumptious tart. I'll have to come back and taste test the others.",4.0
Two guys came in to my work at the absolute perfect time! Both of my vehicles had chips that needed to be fixed and I was about to call my insurance company myself to get it all taken care of but they basically took care of everything in a quick and professional manner! The first of my two cars was just repaired and it looks phenomenal! I told the guys to come back ever so often to check in because living in AZ chips are unavoidable. Thank you to everyone for your professionalism and your speedy service.,5.0
"I'm giving Showmars 5 stars compared to other fast food places, but Showmars is more than just a fast food place.   The servers here are very friendly and even though it was noon and the place was very busy, I received my to go order quickly.  I got the gyro pita & fries ($5.75) along with an order of onion rings.  The gyro was pretty typical and very tasty.  It had lots of tomatoes a few onions and tzatziki sauce.  The fries are crinkle cut and a nice portion cooked crispy just the way I like them.  I got a large order of onion rings and by large they mean enormous!  It must have been close to entire onion in the styrofoam takeout box that was full.  The rings were the frozen variety, but tasty never the less.  I would definitely go to Showmars over other fast food places.",5.0
Fantastic service and the food was well beyond expectations. We came to Stack with a huge group and it was amazing. Everything from apps to mains to dessert and the waiter Vince was hilarious and engaging. Highly recommend this place. We came in with no expectations and were blown away. Hot rocks amazing Mac and cheese next level cheesy grits delish and the blueberry lemon donuts were the highlight. We will be back!!,5.0
Happy hour was slow. Took 10 min for someone to take our drink and 20 min to get it. Tasted like all soda water and NO vodka. They made no effort to compensate us.,3.0
"Jake the original owner was good.  New owner, not so much.  Communication is really lacking as well as giving quotes and keeping you informed of work or changes that needs to happen.  I gave him the benefit of the doubt and asked him to communicate better.  Never felt like he cared about my pool or cared to keep me as a customer.",1.0
"I've had a turkey club & fries here before and really enjoyed it. Today I ordered the open face turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes. It wasn't really all that yummuy. For starters, it isn't even that big. One piece of bread & only one piece of turkey on top. I would've been a little more satisfied if there were two pieces of bread rather than one but whatever. The potatoes were good though. You can tell they're homemade with chunks of potato inside- just like my mom used to make. I finished the meal in under 5 minutes b/c of how small it was and waited awhile for my check. My server wasn't mean, but she did seem kind of weird to me since I first sat in the ""take out"" section. She kind of snapped at me and said to move down because the section was closed and pointed to the teeny tiny sign stated this. She was extremely friendly with other patrons but was really short with me.. blehh i dont know. I only come here like once every 6 months when i'm over the normal downtown lunch fare.  I'll stick with the turkey club or their burgers. Two stars are for the other servers who seemed really friendly to their customers decent prices for lunch",2.0
"I have no complaints about Fat Heads. Honestly, I can't think of one negative from my dinner there last night. There was a bit of a wait for a table so my husband and I got a drink at the bar. Huge beer menu, including many house brews! If you like ales, this is the place for you.. They told us 30 min for our wait, but it was only 15. Perfect.

The service was very prompt. We had drinks within 5 minutes, ordered our appetizers, and those were out within 10 min. We were never without a beverage and the waitress checked on us just enough times. 

 Most of their menu, including sauces, dressings, chili and soups is home made. You can tell by the flavors. The pulled pork chili was so good that I almost ordered another bowl. I wanted to stick my face into the bowl and get every last drop. My husband had the spinach and artichoke dip and felt the same way. Appetizer plates were licked clean!

We both opted for wings. He got the classic fried in Extra medium (like a wet cajun) and garlic parmesan. They were HUGE. He had no problem putting away 14 of them, though. I got the slow smoked, chargrilled whole wings because they are gluten free (and soy free!). Holy moly. They fell off the bone but still had super crispy skin. I got the Carolina sauce which is an amazing tangy (well, Carolina style) BBQ sauce with hints of honey mustard, vinegar and cumin. I asked for more sauce because they lightly brush them. I wanted my wings doused in this stuff because it was so good. 

Overall, I cannot wait to come back! Their gluten free menu is gigantic and also includes GF buns, baguettes, and a wide selection of their menu, including apps, can be made gluten free. Just ask for a menu at the front!",5.0
Never had a bad experience here. One of my favorite places to go when I visit Pittsburgh. Great craft beer and the sandwiches are amazing. Oh and our server Melissa was super awesome.,5.0
"This coffee shop is confortable, tastefully decorated and well located. Staff is friendly and the coffee is great. But the music is so loud, this place is noisier than some bars. The baristas have to yell their orders through the din. Do the owners really understand coffee culture? I now go to Songbrid instead. It is a pity, because some classic jazz in the background would make this an unbeatable place.",3.0
"We couldn't even eat here.... I mean really!! The guy at the front said that since we didn't make reservations we couldn't eat there. Maybe we didn't understand his broken English..... He said ""to eat you need reservation""..... I didn't know I was going to be off work tonight.... It was a spur of the moment date night with the husband.... And we were refused service!!!! I won't be going back!!",1.0
Some great prime rib! Wasn't too sure about this place when I drove by but then I whipped out my iPhone and opened my handy dandy Yelp app and sure enough there it was with all those reviews. Place is very nice outside and very clean both inside and out! Walked in and was greeting right away by the hostess. 5-10 min wait at 8pm on Saturday night. We got seated and within minutes our server comes over. Mrs.Taylor (who was the best server I have ever had in a long long long time) greeted us with open arms and explained how the whole place and ordering works. The bread and butter was so fresh crispy and tasty. The salad was very fresh and light and the dressing was pretty tasty. It was tossed table side which was interesting. Now to the prime rib. I ordered a 10 oz medium well. When it was cut and handed to me it was a little overcooked for my taste. Mrs Taylor actually spotted it and right away brought out a brand new one. It was much better. It was flavorful juicy and more. Potatoes were a little bland for my taste but with a little salt and pepper it was spot on. Overall Yelp didn't let me down. I love the old world charm of this place. From what the servers are wearing to the music to the old fashion cart cutting the meat. Please please ask for Mrs Taylor she is beyond awesome!,4.0
"I ordered party strays for my dad funeral. Their  foods was so disgusting.  Egg rolls was black for over cook, a lot greasy in fried rices, Vietnamese salad tasted like sugar... Food was packing poorly, some of them pill in my husband new car, it took him forever to get  rid of the smell. After all, most of the foods end up in the trash cause we couldn't eat them. I never go back there again.",1.0
"It took me a few years to discover this restaurant since they look a little sketchy from the outside. A coworker dragged me into Lupie's 3 years ago and I have been a fan ever since. The only negative to this restaurant is that they are closed on Sundays.  Just like with Chick Fil A, I always end up wanting Lupie's on Sundays when I am working weekends.  

I have had their burgers and their nachos and both are to die for.  If you eat normal sized portions, you may want to share the nachos with a friend because they are enormous.  I have never finished even half of my plate of nachos! 

The service is speedy and the staff are always friendly.  Parking can be a little touch and go if you come during a busy time.",4.0
"I'm on the hunt for long stem white orchids to create an $800 arrangement that my co-worker has fallen in love with for her dining room table.  Eight. Hundred. Dollars. folks, yep, you read that right.  After much online searching and asking all my acquaintances if they have a silk flower hook up I finally decide that I'm gonna have to tackle this myself.  

I first visited my local Michael's to see what they offered and was disappointed in their selection.  I understand that it's nearing the fall season, but I do not need sunflowers and fall foliage for this gift, I need white orchids which Michael's didn't have.  So off to Golden State Flowers I go.  I prepare myself for the hot warehouse experience that always awaits, and I'm not disappointed...  it's 90 degrees outside and I start to sweat as soon as I entered the warehouse.  I go over to where I know the white flowers are and I find exactly what I need.  Boxes of beautiful long stemmed white silk orchids.  Wow.  They are lovely.  They have some that are shorter, but for this project, it needs to make a statement, it needs to be amazing so I got an unopened box that contained 6 pristine white stems.  I then get a couple of the leaves complete with roots attached and some moss to cover the foam and a large round glass container.  This thing is gonna be a freakin' show stopper!  Then I realize I don't have the correct credit card with me; I can't purchase this stuff on the wrong card so I ask the very kind lady if she'll hold my items while I run back to work to get the correct credit card and she agreed to hold them for me.  I think she was surprised when I came back... she was SO helpful it blew my mind!  She was telling me where to place the moss to make it look realistic and how to cut the foam so it would fit my container best.  OMG!  How fantastic and unexpected is that?!?  So at the end of my very sweaty shopping experience I walk out having spent just under $100 and will tonight produce an arrangement that would cost me nearly 8 times as much to purchase online AND I'd have to wait for it to be created and shipped to me.

Thank you so much lady from Golden State Silk Flowers...  thank you for helping me attain my gift giving goal without killing my budget  :-)  I won't forget your kindness, I will definitely be back  :-)",4.0
"Cool place! Cool bear to take pictures with!
Upstairs you can order a sampler of cokes from around the world for $8. Pretty neat place. Lots of cute things. We enjoyed it!",4.0
"First time ordering.  We had a XT large Supreme, (the works).  Definitely a great pizza.  Delivery was within time given.  Friendly service on phone and from delivery man.  Will gladly order again.",5.0
"We would not recommend this company at all.
 Rob came out to give us an estimate, told us about repairs needed, which we felt was very overpriced. $170 to replace three pool lights in a drained pool when we are supplying the bulbs? 
We asked for an itemized quote to be emailed to us, Rob said he would send it that night, and he never did.
Then we called him again the next day, spoke to Rob, scheduled for them to drain our pool and confirmed with them the same day, and they never showed up, called or emailed. 
Unprofessional and as business owners ourselves, we would never conduct ourselves this way and expect to be successful or referred. 
Then we called Rob again  the next morning, and he didn't answer or have the professional courtesy to explain why they stood us up on the pool drain.
You try to give business to the local little guy, and then this happens.
Disappointing to say the least. I would not recommend Gilbert Poolman at all.",1.0
"Some the best taco I've had. I had the Al Pastor (pork), Carne Asada & Chicken mole. The service was friendly and a salsa bar was amazing with 13 different salsas.",5.0
"Ok. This place was great. But I had some issues with my girlfriend here. She's an executive chef and is madly in love with Guy Fieri. When she saw the autographed poster she instinctively tried to climb on the table and smell it. I think she even tried to lick it. After the manager had to threaten to call the cops she settled down and after the shakes and sweats stopped, we were able to enjoy the best damn tacos we have had in a loooong time. The salsa bar kicks ass and we mixed a few together to get even better sauces. I do recommend this place to everyone, but not Guy Fieri. He's a dick and almost ruined our vacation.",5.0
"Fred M. pretty much said what I would say, so I won't beat a dead horse.  I'll add, though, that they offer a wide variety of deep-fried quesadillas.  

Did you catch that?

DEEP FRIED QUESADILLAS!",5.0
"misleading or unclear information on their website regarding pricing. price at stations is not stated on website. beware if you purchase tics for other people, they have a price increase in effect. the monorail itself is great if it goes where you are going. otherwise just cab it. their customer service lacks a little to be desired. very defensive when i tried to discuss website issues. unfortunate how one representative can taint your view of an organization....keep this in mind next time a customer calls....

followup a year later: my son was out here for a few days and we went to the strip, parked at mgm took monorail down to harrahs station. we must have missed the sign (if there was one) saying they were closing at midnight. at 12:02 we discovered we missed the last train (actually us and a bunch of other people) and instead of a $1 ride on the monorail it was a $10 cab back to mgm. sent them a message the next day and to my surprise they replied, apologized for the inconvenience and offered to reimburse my cab expense and a free annual pass....yeah, right...NOT...same as before, no reply says they still don't care.

with my gripes out of the way here is a more complete review - first it is a LONG walk back to the monorail stations. seems slightly less than walking to where you want to go but it is mostly inside and/or covered so either warm or cool depending on the time of the year, that's a plus. the trains and stations are clean and the wait is usually not very long. signs are clear so easy to navigate. if you want to go to the convention center convenient parking at harrahs, mgm or sahara and take the train. sometimes the escalators are not working and it is a LONG walk up/down the stairs to get to ground level. also the handrails at the convention center stop have a tendency to leave your hands soiled. it would get 5 stars no matter what else if it went downtown or to the airport....sadly no. if you are going to the wynn, or sands convention center be prepared for a long walk from the nearest station which i think is harrahs. i am not sure why but the entrance gates are not real intuitive, you will set off sirens if you do it wrong. kind of funny. my problem is after riding bart for years, it keeps your ticket when it is empty, not lvmonorail, you have to take the empty ticket out and throw it away yourself (ahh sirens.)  for locals it is a good value, thats why they earned the second star. (except when they close early and don't tell you!)",2.0
"As per my cousin, this is the best sport bar in North Amercia.  

Normally I'm not a fan of sport bar but decided to go just to see ""the best sport bar in North Amercia"" myself.  I was presently astonish by how good the food quality was.  Yum...

As a bonus, it's a great spot to spot cute boys too!! ;)",4.0
"When I read the website saying they were the best sports bar in North America (as decided by ESPN), I was kinda skeptical. I mean, how awesome can a sports bar be? Well this bar is pretty awesome. They've got a massive large screen above the bar that can be seen from pretty much anywhere in the two-storey bar, and a ton of other screens around the place so you never miss out on any sports channel action. The seating is comfortable, it's spacious and clean, and they've got a neat blue ticker-tape that runs along the bar showing sports news. 

I showed up to meet some friends around 4pm on a Raptors game night, and the place was crazy packed. Except, it wasn't crazy packed. There were tons of people standing around waiting for a table, but there were also tons of empty tables inside. I suspect they didn't have enough servers per customers, but it seemed really strange when we were standing around waiting for over 40 minutes when there were quite a few free tables around. 

By the time we finally got seated, we were put in a remote area where no one was, and our waitress would only pop by every now and then to take orders, and never to see how we're doing. We asked for some drinks and she'd disappear for 15 minutes and then come back without some of them, so we had to remind her again. The food was decent - I had a burger and my friend had the cajun shrimp. Their beers were reasonably priced, and they did well to handle our large party. 

Overall, it was an alright experience. The place itself is worth the visit just to see the screens. I can imagine it would get a bit crazy on game nights (we left before the Raps game started). But I'd try again on a non-game night and hopefully I'll have better service.",3.0
"Seriously my favorite plant haven to visit and spend my money.  I love the selection of unique plants and their vessels.  As a new plant mom I feel very confident asking questions here and that every employee sincerely wants the plant and I to succeed.  I've tried going to other local places in the Phoenix area, but the tribe at The Pueblo are top notch.",5.0
"WASTE OF MONEY! The show was elementary.  Honestly a 3rd grade talent show probably would have contained more talent than the Blue Man Group and certainly they would have put more effort in.  My husband and I went to see the show and only stayed through the entire thing b/c we kept expecting it to get better.  The guys in back of us were enraged at how horrible it was.  Do NOT waste your money to see this show because if you do they will not refund any of your money.  Trust me, we tried!",1.0
"I've been coming here for years & I am glad they haven't changed their orange chicken recipe to the same ol tasting orange chicken every other restaurant has. Their orange chicken is always crispy with a hard to beat sauce with real orange peels. Idc what anyone else has to say about it...we love it cause it's different from anything else we've tasted! Good fried rice, lunch, and dinner specials as well. Everything is cooked fresh & employees are always nice, although sometimes you can feel the tension between them.",4.0
"We have been taking our dogs to Wag n Wash since they opened.  Very close to our house in downtown Phoenix and we love that convenience.  In the beginning--a great experience.  The last two times we've tried to self bathe our 2 dogs-not a good experiemce at alll!!  Apparently they now have  expensive ""ultra, super dooper"" wash stations now.  Soooo, if you go in and one of the  basic stations is being used you're sol if you have two dogs.  Today, again, when we took our 2 to wash and ALL of the super dooper wash stations were open but the basic stations were filled.  Rather than sit and wait for a basic station or to pay the extra $$$ for something we didn't want, we left.  We went to Smelly Dog a bit farther north on 7th Ave. and had a great experience.

Soooo, Wag and Wash, please go back to the way you were in the beginning or you have lost a couple of dog customers.",1.0
The pho here is the best in Las Vegas! Service is very fast as well and the menu has several items to choose from. One of our favorites is the bun. Is Highly recommend!,5.0
"Still excellent food with bad service.   But, it's ultimately the food that everyone goes for.  The egg noodle wonton is yummy. The number 1 was not no 1. Pho is flavorful.   So much on the menu and they make them all so well.  The service staff see you as an inconvenience not as a customer,  hmm.  That's the kind of abuse I have to endure to get the privilege of eating their truly delicious food,  so they had me at the hello followed by the curt, how many.  Love the food.  Addicted to it.",3.0
"We went here on Sunday night, since we saw a big sign stated best vote and we were disappointed.  They were busy but we didn't have to wait long for a table of two.  My husband ordered pho and it was ok.  I ordered com ga and springrolls and both werent that good.  The services are friendly and fast.  Overall, we didn't have a great experience and a little pricey.",2.0
"Yum! Been coming here since forever and it's pretty consistently yummy. There are some off times when the soup tastes too watery or is off in some other way, but that's a rare occasion. 

I always always always order the pho and egg rolls. The broth is sooo on point and perfect for any type of upset stomach, and the egg rolls are pretty good too. 

Their menu has gotten significantly bigger over the years- I should probably venture out and try other items haha this restaurant can get pretttyy darn busy sometimes and the parking lot isn't the greatest :( BUT! The wait is never too horrible and I feel the pho is worth it :)",4.0
"HOLY MOLY THE BRUNCH! 

This may have taken the spot of my favorite brunch spot in Pittsburgh (food wise). 
Came in on a Saturday around 12 for brunch with a reservation. Place was pretty calm and not packed but our waiter said that brunch for them is mainly busiest on Sunday's. 

Our waiter was AWESOME. My friends both got the bottomless mimosas and I got the Bloody Mary bar. At no point did we have to ask for more mimosas he just kept them coming! And the Bloody Mary bar was second best I have experienced. First is definitely Meat and Potatoes. 

Amongst us we got the shrimp and grits (head on shrimp), chicken and biscuit, and Lobster Benedict. Every single one was absolutely incredible. The ingredients were beyond fresh and the mix of flavors were very well executed. 

I will definitely be back to try dinner!",5.0
"I've been going to this Anytime Fitness for a couple years now. The gym has everything that you need to get a complete workout. In addition, it had a great staff and a community type atmosphere that other gyms do not have. The people that work and workout at this location are friendly and extremely helpful to all members and non members. I highly recommend this gym to first time gym goers or the seasoned ""regulars.""",5.0
"This gym offers everything you need and then some, no matter what your goals are.  It offers a great variety of weight training machines and cardio machines.  The great location and 24 hour access can't be beat.  The management and staff are very friendly and knowledgeable and the membership is very reasonable.  Also has a tanning bed.  I recommend this gym to all my friends and none have complained thus far.  Check it out for yourselves, you will not be disappointed.",5.0
"If you are in Pittsburgh on the weekend and looking for brunch, THIS IS THE PLACE!!! Cool atmosphere with a DJ spinning tunes and a BloodyMary bar.   Fried taters with truffle oil cooked to perfection, and our entrees (Chicken and Waffles and the Hash) were incredible.   Huge portions.    I only wish I could come here every weekend!",5.0
"Meat and potatoes delivered neither of the aforementioned, although there were plenty cockroaches and a rat to serenade us on our night out in the Burgh. To avoid ruining the hip vibe inside we were placed outside (we have a 2 year old and she's so. not. hip) where we waited and waited and waited some more for appetizers, some flatbread, and a ricotta that never saw the light of day. Clearly we ordered the most time-intensive meals on the menu. Although beverages came out as expected, we were quickly forgotten outside and left waiting until I made my way to the front desk and asked for a check. The server came out and actually asked if we were still enjoying our beverages after being told by the front desk we were upset (and beverages being beyond empty). Interesting. I asked for the manager and she comped the drinks and was quite pleasant considering the situation, but there's something about making my child wait for food that infuriates me. There is nowhere else in this city where I've experienced such lackluster service and poor ambience (when building a restaurant avoid placing your patio along the alley filled with garbage disposal units). Many thanks to our hotel staff for having Microwave Mac n cheese on hand to feed my daughter at 10:00 at night. We won't be back come hell or high water.",1.0
The main course was just ok but that may have just been because of how full i was from appetizers which were incredible. The mac and cheese was especially amazing and a must try.,5.0
"I like this place a lot.  I think reservations are a good idea when heading here in the evening, probably mandatory if you're going on a weekend.  Good food, good service, wheelchair accessible including the bathrooms, although the dining room is more than a little tight!  I definitely recommend reservations if you're in a chair like my husband, although we have had good success just showing up, even if it is a little uncomfortable for the people that need to squeeze by his chair.",4.0
"House of Window Coverings has no concept of Customer Service! We walked into the store after getting a quote from Lowes for shutters and gave the quote to Alina Dima. We received a  quote for shutters 2,000.00 less than Lowes, so we thought this was great news; however, after they came out measure the windows the quote changed to more than the one Lowes had given us.  After speaking with Alina and letting her know that House of Window Coverings was now more than Lowes,  Alina was able to come down on the price.  { This should have been a red flag}

We went ahead and went with House of Window Coverings because we wanted to support a local business.  { BIG MISTAKE} The shutters came in and one was to small and two others we not closing properly. The shutter that was to small took 8 weeks to get and the other two that don't close properly will take another 8 weeks.  My sales rep. Alina Dima has been missing since she got the check for payment- You won't hear from her again! So if you have a problem don't count on her for help.  I left a message for the  owner {Chris} to call me, but he won't return your call either. The business has no commitment to Customer Service! If you have a problem don't expect any help from the store because you won't get it. 

My advice is to take your business somewhere else! It's not worth the headaches!",2.0
"Huge selection of board games. Just coming in and browsing is an experience in and of itself. The employee(s) are definitely enthusiasts and know plenty about most of the games they sell.

Prices are definitely higher than you'll find online, but it's worth it to support a local business. They offer demo's on the weekend of different games. We took part in a demo, and liked the game enough to buy it. 

They also offer game rentals (for a fee) so you can try out a game before buying it. When you bring the game back, the fee becomes a store credit.",5.0
"Walmart and the city of surprise should be ashamed that this store is still open for business. The smell is beyond gross and the employees are forced to work in these conditions. When asked they have been told to say ""we have not been told anything"" is so typical of Walmart. Selling food that has sat around being penetrated by that smell must be illegal. By the way the smell is that of sewage, black water, and gutter all rolled up in one. NEVER EVER EVER GOING BACK.",1.0
"Was here a couple times with a friend this week while visiting Tempe.  It's a very cute place, and right off the beaten path of Mill Ave.

Food was reasonably priced and very good as was the service.  Highly recommend the eggs benedict with avocado on a croissant....to die for!

Not sure why everyone is so judgemental with the bad reviews, every good restaurant will have its occasional hiccups.  We came at off-peak times so not sure how things would have changed if it was super busy but we will be back!!",5.0
Thanks for getting to my car the day after I contacted you.  Great job and will be a return customer.,4.0
"Just wanted to weigh in on an old friend.  
Started going here in 2007 whenever I was in town.  GREAT breakfast  and lunch choices prepared well and quickly.  Nice, healthy, fruit and wholegrain choices and a very friendly atmosphere.  If you're a student, THIS IS where to take the rents! They'll worry less.
(like in most college towns, you can get very bad food in Kent, so be careful).",5.0
"From the outside it looks like a small (maybe scary) dinner. The indoor decor is pretty old and drab, but don't let that stop you from trying them. 

The french onion soup is wonderful! Plenty of warm melted cheese and just the right balance of spices in the broth. They warn you on the menu a bowl could take 20 mins. Don't be surprised if it does take that long, but I've gotten it faster too. I think it probably depends on the orders before yours and how many soups they can do at a time. It's worth the wait.

The only crepes I have tried is the fresh strawberry. It's a decent crepe and you can't really go too wrong with slicing up strawberries and tossing on a little whipped cream. 

Prices are reasonable and the service is pleasant enough. Great place for a light lunch or snack.",4.0
"Surprisingly fresh sushi, WIN. This place is pretty darn good, and to get your money's worth, EAT SASHIMI.
But don't eat the oyster, it's nasty.... No matter what day you have it..
Other than that, I find the sushi to be pretty good. I have no complaints, I like this place. It's pricey, but worth it if you eat a lot of sashimi (or only sashimi) and if you eat a considerable amount... hehe.
AND don't feel guilty for eating so much sashimi! It's healthy!!",4.0
Shame. Very convenient location but one of their stylists likes making inappropriate comments about your family. So I'm never going back.,1.0
"The cover is a good deal compares to downtown clubs - $10.  The DJ knows how to mix songs and play variety of good tunes.  The crowd is definitely older and mature (as expected).  Dance floor is not big, but good enough for dancing.  Nice decent patio for smokers.  Security and bartenders are nicer without stuck-up attitudes.  When it comes to coat check, the attendant has poor customer service and unattentive. Overall 3/5 decent club to go to, for those who don't have the desire to go downtown to pay high price parking and cover.",3.0
"I loved Nu Nails! I'm in AZ for a month due to work, and when it was time for a fill, I looked on Yelp for the best salon in Scottsdale. I was lucky to find Nu Nails, and even luckier to get an appointment with Tracy! All of the reviews raved about her work, and I can see why. She worked quickly but was very detailed. I keep my acrylic nails long and coffin-shaped, which can be hard to shape evenly. I can honestly say my nails are perfect! I asked her for an opinion on the best nude polish, and she dug around until I found one that I fell in love with. They also have an AMAZING matte top coat- definitely worth the $5 extra. Tracy was so sweet and fun to talk to. She is usually booked at least a week out, but it is definitely worth the wait! I'll definitely come back to Nu Nails whenever I'm in Scottsdale!",5.0
"Unusually go to the lunch but this time I decided to go to the dinner.

The dinner costs a lot more than the lunch, it's literally twice as much and there's really not much addition to the menu so I suggest going to the lunch!!!

I love the sushi here, I'm not a fan of raw sushi but rolls like the California roll, spicy crab roll, mango roll and shrimp tempura roll are to die for! Absolutely love them!

Although it sounds weird the sushi pizza is so good! MUST TRY IT! It's just a rice patty and either salmon crabmeat or avocado on top!

I also love the fried rice (ask to get a small portion otherwise it'll be SO much!) and salmon teriyaki is great too

The service is not that great! I mean they're diligent workers but they give off an attitude and sometimes slam your food on your table and leave. It's ridiculous really especially since there's a 10% service charge.

Anyway, I love this place because the food is so good!",4.0
"The teppanyaki (steak & shrimp) was very good and our chef was a lot of fun but I really did not like the sushi. I actually thought it was my least favorite sushi in Vegas. The service was good, the staff attentive and friendly but I would not go here for sushi ever again.",3.0
"*Plays Vitamin C's Graduation Song* ""As we go on, we remember, all the times we had together..""
Dakgogi is not the same place as it used to once be. The quality and portion size of the food changed dramatically declined, favouritism is on clear blast for personal friends, and service has been always unappealing. Shame. It used to be so good.",2.0
"This is my favorite fast food place ever and this location is wonderful! You always get greeted right when you walk in the door, and all the employees are always really happy and bubbly. Brandon was entertaining, along with everyone who helped me out today.",5.0
"Pretty decent for the price.  Agree with others that the waves could be a little more frequent.  The desert surfers are unintentionally funny .. Some people get pretty serious about their surf and boogie sessions here; have even seen guys in their 40s with gopro cams in this wave pool.  Funny stuff, bros.

Tip:  give your rented rafts to others when you leave since they no longer give a raft return deposit back and they raised raft prices almost 50%.",3.0
Decent water park if you do not spend full price for admission. Limited rides & no lazy river. Other than that it was a great place to spend an afternoon!,3.0
"The first time I was there I had a really great experience. The two older ladies were kind and help me find what I need. I was just in there recently and this blonde guy with shoulder length hair was trying asking me questions of what I'm taking and keep referring to my friend as a moron. I could accept that he didn't agree but for a business to call someone else a name and insulting them, I did not care for that. Then he went on to stating that the item I was taking should only be taken if I wanted to cough up blood after two months also the ingredient in there is help to treat asthma. First off, my friend and I have been using it for over a year and I am not coughing up blood. Secondly, I do have asthma so I guess the product work well for me and, my friend doesn't have asthma but is still taking it and still not coughing up blood. Then he goes on to preaching how he's so ""knowledgeable"". After that I didn't care to listen to his advice since everything he told me was already bull and I've already done the research before using the pre workout. I most likely won't be coming here again.",1.0
"I was on a business trip in Vegas and craving some good Chinese food. This restaurant is literally just a $12 Uber away from the far end of the strip (Mandalay), and totally worth it. Small hole in the wall, but clean, popular, and great customer service. 

Two thumbs up from this Asian! Their beef noodle stew was my go-to and reminiscent of my mom's (albeit way more spicy!).",5.0
"Great service with recommendations from our server to the manager stopping by and talking to us about popular menu items.   
The food was delicious.  Had a specialty sushi roll, Spicy Kani roll.  Nota fan of spicy food but this roll was not spicy.  We also shared the garlic basil chicken.  Very good. I would recommend this place and we will return.  I like that their menu includes a traditional Chinese dish option.   Something different that isn't offered at many other places.   
Decor, atmosphere were all very nice.",5.0
"Decent ice cream, not the best. usually a long line and you have to wait awhile.. other than that the employees seem nice enough. they have benches and tables, not too crazy on the layout of the parking lot either but hey its the only place in oakmont/verona area to get ice cream!",2.0
"The love for Nittaya's is above and beyond. This quaint thai restaurant nestled in Summerlin is well worth the experience. The food, people, atmosphere, experience are superb. 

The spinach salad- NEXT LEVEL good.
The Avocado thai Salmon- dream worthy
Everything else- excellent. 

Keep up the great work Nittaya's!",5.0
"Consistent quality. Drunken noodles, tofu & mango salad, tom yum soup...queen tilapia, sticky rice and mangos, everything is great! BYOB",5.0
"What can I say? This restaurant does serve delicious and authentic Thai food. I grew up and lived in Thailand and once I tasted the food that I ordered here, I knew that it was made by skilled cook with plenty of experience in Thai culinary. Would totally recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Thai food. The price is reasonable and the ambiance is rather relaxing.",5.0
"They have a lot of ASU shirts for pretty good prices. They aren't the same quality as a nike shirt but if you don't feel like dropping $35 on a t-shirt at dicks and you're in the area it's worth checking out.

They also have a ton of ASU decals.",4.0
"Can't speak about the food, but the bar service, outstanding. 

Yes, they will make fun of you and say sarcastic stupid comments if you ask a question. If you ask for a straw, they will throw it at you. If your stupid enough to ask for it, they will write witty sexual innuendo's on a piece of paper, fold it into a phallic shape, and place it on your head.

It's called Dicks. You knew the risks.

It's not totally like it's counterpart I remember so fondly in San Diego, but it's close enough. I stopped here with some friends while killing time on our way to the Luxor. The consensus was that we were hung over, and the best way to cure a hang over, keep drinking. 

The beers were cheap. Not a huge selection of drafts, but good enough. Best part, 3 dollar Patron shots during the afternoon. This took me to a much better place. If it's 1 pm in the afternoon, and you need to continue your liquid diet, belly up to the bar, say something stupid, and let the magic happen.",4.0
"Luv it here! Just a tip tho cuz they so busy all da time. Order when u get there and not ahead of time.  Had a cold, almost tasted old dish one time.  Easy fix cuz jus order and wait....play some zynga poker choohoo!",4.0
"This place has a pretty extensive menu for just $4.99 however, I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken and it was sooo flavorless!  The egg roll was way greasy and the fried rice was kind of hard.  I won't be back and that's for sure.",2.0
What a wonderful place to enjoy a delicious family dinner.  We reserved the Chefs Table and had a private area (not easy in Vegas) for our family of 10.   The view of the fountain was an extra plus.   Everyone loved their food and the wine was also excellent.   The wait staff couldn't have been more gracious.,5.0
"Olives is always a mainstay when I go to Vegas! The dishes are consistently fabulous, the staff is so friendly, fun and accommodating! The salmon salad cant be missed, love their flat bread and desserts are bomb! Check out my pictures.  We sit at the bar most of the time for quick service but the outdoor veranda overlooking the Bellagio Fountains cannot be missed!  Take that special someone and make some memories!!",5.0
"Chris, the owner of Halo Plumbing, was wonderful. He was prompt, professional, friendly and patient while dealing with a difficult problem. He stuck with it and finished everything to our complete satisfaction. His prices were very reasonable. We will definitley use Halo Plumbing in the future and highly recommend him.",5.0
"Visited Toronto for the US memorial wknd 2017.  Found this place on yelp,  the food was GREAT. Even though they didn't have any lunch/dinner at 11:18 on a Sunday.  The Ackerman and salt fish was on point, however.... di ""fry dumpling"" was more the consistency and taste of a donut. Which, didn't take away from the quality of the food an' di service.",4.0
"The no tipping policy, does not give the server the right to insult the guest, because he will still get paid. That being said we went on a Sunday morning for brunch. While the portions are small and the price expensive it did not meet up to my expectations.",3.0
"So we came to this place because Guy came here so I had some high expectations. Leave your high expectations elsewhere. 

I got a #1 and my cousin got a #6 so I got a taste of both. Both of these were pretty plain, I was still hungry when I left the place. The bread was pretty toasty and crunchy however I wish they would ask us if we want the bread toasted or not because it's really hard to chew on it. My jaw got a workout that wasn't needed. If the bread was softer I probably would have enjoyed my sandwich a little more. I think $8.25 for some salad and a little sandwich that isn't the GREATEST is a bit pricey. 

They have chocolate which is pretty good but also pricey I believe it was $25 a pound. 

I wouldn't go here a second time and if I did I'd try pasta.",3.0
Amazing. Amazing. AMMMMAAAZZZINNNNG!!!!! Here is the deal I spent a year abroad in Florence during college. Loved it. Loved the food. I think Florence is to blame for my foodie ways. A few years back my friend who lives in the valley and also lived in Florence found this place. We went . . . and since then it is one of my favorite places to go. AUTHENTIC. Is the only thing you need to know about this place. From the Italian TV on the station - to the staff (speaking Italian across the counter at each other). This place takes me back to Florence. The sandwiches are amazing. And the desserts . . . well they are delicious. To put all this into context this is a place we will drive 45 minutes across town to for lunch.,5.0
"I came here for a rehearsal dinner while in town and had a lovely experience. The owner Tony and his staff took great care of us. The shared appetizers and desserts were delicious! Not too big, but just enough to tide over until entrees were served. I got the Vodka Rigatoni, and it was fabulous. I was sold as soon as I read it was a vodka cream sauce and had pancetta in it. Yum!

This restaurant has a lot of significance to our family as my late grandfather was a regular there. It means a lot to us when we can go there and enjoy a great meal like he used to. Definitely recommend to those looking for great Italian food in Etobicoke.",5.0
Great place to grab a quick lunch or dinner. Nice family restaurant. B4 is the best!!! It is an older place but the food is great!!,4.0
"I went into the Las Vegas Newballence outlet store and asked the first employee I saw if they could match a %30 off email offer from my home store in Ontario California, and he said that ""yes I can do that"". This employee turned out to be Ron, one of the managers. I asked to try on some ""made in U.S.A."" shoes. Before long I had picked out five pairs for myself and my sons. When paying for the shoes, Ron was a man of his word and I ended up with much more a discount than I expected!. I can't say that everyone is going to have such a great experience at this store but I sure hope you do!",5.0
Long wait for the food and the food didn't taste very good.  The only good thing about the restaurant is the huge United States art that is displayed in the dining room.  The kids enjoyed looked at the states.,2.0
"Food is pretty good. I mean for breakfast, I dont expect so much. Its all about the place and the people, which I love about this place. But I am not saying that I dont love the food. My family went here to have breakfast right after Christmas, there are 10 of us and everyone loves it. 
Its quite packed on that day, but I can tell that its always busy like that everyday since all the table and chairs are positioned very closed to each other. I dont mind it. I especially dont like breakfast places where it is so quite that make me want to get back to my bed. 
The only thing that make me rate only 4 star is that they dont have a waiting area. So when its too busy, there are a lot of people standing at the door and that is the only way to get into the place as well. 
But I would definitely go back to Eggspectation for breakfast.",4.0
"I went to the free board gaming night.  The place was packed with serious gamers, who were all locals, yet they were very welcoming to a stranger visiting from out of town.  Two local restaurants dropped off samples of pizza and wings to drum up business, which worked, since a bunch of folks placed orders.  While we were playing, a homeless guy showed up for the free samples.  The gamers were kind, invited him to play a game, and after playing & eating, he went on his way.

The staff is knowledgable and friendly.  They have an amazing selection of European style games, especially those featured on Wil Wheaton's Tabletop, but also the more obscure, complicated, and challenging games favored by the serious gamers who were in attendance at the gaming night.

If you love board games, this should be your first, last, and only stop.",5.0
"I had dinner here last week and it was fabulous. New menu, new chef and was most impressed. I had lobster salad and sea bass. Both were sensational. I will be back.",4.0
Cookie platter for dessert... Why don't more people do this?,4.0
"I'm not sure why we haven't visited this place before. This is southern food like no other! Plus, the hand crafted drinks are amazing. The staff is super friendly and attentive. I can't wait to come back and try the other menu items.",5.0
"SO.......It's my once a year dinner with my dad and we decide on M.M.
WTF?  I was completely embarrassed by the prices.  (sorry dad)

$27 for a white pizza?   That's just cheese right? As I see my father struggling to cope with the outrageous prices......""Dad, Im not that hungry we can just get one pizza and split it. (There were 6 of us) So we all sat around the table uncomfortably and stared at the remaining 2 pieces, each of us planning to kill because of the hunger pains. 

No complaints about the service or atmosphere. It's just EXPENSIVE to eat here.  ITS JUST PIZZA MAN",1.0
"The service was unacceptable. The waitress was extremely rude and disorganized. I was ignored while trying to order an appetizer three times, then I was told to hold on in a rude manner so she could serve drinks to another table. I simply got up and left, my family and I did not get to try the food because the customer service was horrible. I had read the reviews before but decided to give them a try despite the bad feedback, but unfortunately their is a lot of truth behind the negative comments. I do not invest in establishments with horrible customer service. Luckily we drove to POMO pizza in old town Gilbert and had amazing customer service and food to make up for the horrendous experience at Mellow Mushroom. **Advice for the owner focus on customer service oppose to looks and fads.",1.0
"Such a nightmare! We had been dying to try this place as it has a beautiful curb appeal. So we went recently. Wish we hadn't. Started off with being seated. The booth benches are rickety so when the 5 kids sitting behind us were jumping on their seats, we got to feel all of it. Time to order and we put in breakfast orders. Coffee came out luke warm. I ordered my eggs scrambled well, they were still running all over my plate. I ordered my bacon cooked easy, it came slightly burnt. During this whole experience, there were flys everywhere including on our food. It was so gross. I ordered a mimosa. Now I like a heavy pour, but even I had to order a side glass of OJ to balance the drink out. At the end of breakfast (most of which we didn't eat), we then ordered a growler. The waitress and bartender didn't know how to put it on the tab so had to ring us up two separate checks. Time to give them to card to pay for the checks and their system ain't working. The waitress said the only way to pay the bill was to write my cc # on my receipt and she would ring it later when they were back up. She says it happens often, my first thought is fix it or get a back up plan. Scary security risk?!  We left and went to a second place to have breakfast with no flys.",1.0
The food has been less than stellar when I have been but the peanut butter milkshake is amazing! Cheap drinks and good selection make this a great neighbourhood pub.,3.0
Very much enjoyed my experience. New favourite deep fried pickle place. Really looking forward to trying the apple pie milkshake :) definitely recommend this place!,5.0
Awesome service. The choices are endless in the brunch options. We has civachi tuna and a host of other amazing dishes. It's one of the best and most delicious values in caftans. So glad we went!,4.0
"Sorry. I wanted to like the place but couldn't. On the cab ride the cabbie (who is by the way a retired NYPD lieutenant working 4 days a week now making $80+G/yr) gave us a small warning but it was too late to change our reservations. 

There were 6 of us. The nice waitress gave us the rundown on the place; its background, its fresh and organic use of ingredients and its distilled and filtered water. Hmmm. We ordered the guac. It was delicious but the chips were delayed. After her recommendation we ordered the whole snapper Veracruz. Fried fish in a sauce with olives, tomatoes, peppers. It was ""ok"". I've eaten whole fried fish before and I was underwhelmed esp since she talked it up so much. My friend ordered rice, which was not on the menu and it was dry and horrible. Like it had been sitting there forever. He had to send it back. 

We inquired about the ceviche bar. The waitress said the hostess must've forgotten to give us the extra menu. We had already ordered because we had a show to catch. But afterwards she brought us the menu and there were a few things that we wanted from, including the ceviche and some special tacos. Annoying.

I was disappointed with my braised short rib tacos. Despite the sauce they seemed dry. There weren't very many people dining. Not a lively atmosphere. Decor was lab and dark. And the waitress was not very attentive. 

When we walked out to catch our show I saw the celebrity chef's pictures. Mary Sue milliken and Susan feniger. I loved them on top chef masters. Top chef is the only show I regularly watched. I can't believe they would put their names behind this type of poor quality. So disappointed.",1.0
"I hate soup and don't eat spicy but I love Ravi Wraps. 
Go for the steak flank wrap and the corn chowder.",5.0
"When I first walked in I didn't know what to expect but I was very please with how pleaser the man who greated me was. I think he was the owner but I'm not to sure. I got a chicken vermachille to go. And when I opened it I was definitely impressed with the presentation! Especially since it was a to go meal and all. The food was just as yummy as it looked too!! Very fresh. Oh and of course I had to try the boba. They had a bunch of flavors!! I got taro since I'm a big fan. It was the beat boba tea I've EVER HAD!!! the consistency was thick throughout the entire drink! Down to the last sip. And it was such a rich and bold flavor! Definitely far from watered down. Tasted like legit taro, not artificial at all!!!!! They have a LOT on the menu too. AND its 24 hours!!! Absolutely the best.",5.0
Excellent pedicures! Minh provides an excellent pedicure service and is super friendly and approachable. This is my go to place in the area.,5.0
Sam and Sean have addressed all my questions and concerns very promptly and are extremely professional. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend their services to anyone.,5.0
"I think we tried some of the more non traditional rolls, which is why I am only giving 3 stars. The rolls are good and its closer to our house but its not the best sushi I've ever had. We tried the irish roll, palm tree roll, and volcano roll. The Irish roll is somewhat odd tasting because of the liquidy sauce on it. Just an odd taste so neither of us liked it. My wife liked the palm tree roll and I really liked the volcano roll. I would recommend it to friends and will go back and try a few more rolls because overall it was good, and theres a huge selection of rolls.",3.0
"Lucky me!  I live very close to Pueblo Park and love walking there a few times a week. Nice 4 mile round trip, elevations so I don't get bored, busy enough that I feel safe, not too busy to feel crowded.   If anything, I wish it was a bit more lit. There are some dark pockets fit for troll dwellings (or so I imagine!).",4.0
Two of us went for lunch. I ordered a steak sandwich. My buddy who cant make up waited like 5 minutes to order and then ordered a sandwich. They made his sandwich and he paid. I was still waiting. I asked whats the holdup and it turned out they never made it. I watched the one guy put my stuff on the grill and the other guy scooped it up and and put it in the fridge. I will not be going back.,1.0
"Another crappy BOA.    Why do they refuse to hire tellers. Only one teller today......I only use my bank once a month and I always feel like I should pack a lunch....hire some damn tellers....I always say I am going to go to another bank
....this may be the straw that breaks that camels back.",1.0
"Great food for affordable prices and cute location ,clean and nice atmosphere,a must try!! I will definitely going back",5.0
"I've only been coming here for a few months but the service is always quick and simple. You know they care, and they don't waste your time or money.",5.0
"Really disappointing.    I had heard good things about this place, but it was truly awful.  The ""hot"" sandwich was luke warm, no flavor, really bland.  For the price I expected something really good.  Remined me of getting a sandwich from the high school cafeteria, glad there wasn't a lunch lady there to force me to eat it.  

Eek! Methinks not indeed.",1.0
"A great local pizza spot in Huntersville that offers fresh ingredients that won't break the bank. Build your own or select a signature recipe and bring it home to bake. YUMMY. They even offer gluten-free crust, many sauce varieties, not just red, plenty of veggies/fruit and seasonings too. If you sign up for their email/text list you'll get great deals for your next take home order. Easy to follow baking instructions are provided. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about their franchise and products. If they offered vegan cheese and organic veggies/fruit toppings it would be a home run. The place is really clean too. Not like other pizza spots where you see grease residue all over the walls and floors.",4.0
"Overall, I was very disappointed. The drinks were overpriced and the food was underwhelming. We went shortly after the grand opening, so I'm willing to forgive some of the hiccups with the service, but even on happy hour it was just very overpriced for what it was. I did really enjoy the surf and turf nachos, but even the burger was very bland. Who ruins a burger?! I want to love this place based on proximity and the nice atmosphere, but I don't envision heading back.",1.0
"Do it. DO IT!
This is a great show for any occasion- and if you are the kind who wants to take their guy to it, you can. I have seen it.
These guys are pretty cool, and do some really funny stunts. The best part, though, is when they take a girl up on stage! You really should get your friends to do it. 
Seating is hit and miss- with the best seats, obviously, being in the front, not the back part of the room. You might get someone in front of you who's head takes up all the dang space, and you might have to lean to see. It gets cramped, so be aware of it.",4.0
"This is my fave Thai food in the East Valley.  Latitude 8 has a hip atmosphere.  My fave dishes are Pad Thai, Stuffed Chicken Wing appetizer and I also love the pineapple fried rice.  It is delish",5.0
"This is a real gem. Awesome food and ambience, great lunch service. This goes to the top of my Thai charts for Phoenix.",5.0
"Just like what other reviewers said...Andra is AMAZING (AND really sweet and caring)!
I recently moved from CA and my file was a little complicated due to CA insurance from last year, I contacted Andra on yelp and she gave me a call back on the same day to discuss my situation. 
Although there was some miscommunication in the middle but at the end I was able to met her today!

Unlike other tax preparer...she doesn't only do your taxes, she actually educate you on the little details of your file! She finished everything in around an hour (with a lesson on Taxes 101)

and she was really nice to call me back later that day to pick up my ID because I left it there

Highly recommended to anyone!",5.0
I had my 12 week 2D sonogram here and let me just say I was beyond satisfied. My ultra sound tech was Justina and she was amazing! The ultra sound room was set up like a cute little movie theater. It was a very relaxing atmosphere. I can't thank Justina enough!,5.0
Terrible customer service. Not helpful or friendly. Went in to help with my pay off for a shared branch and because of the poor service I could not get expedite my title release.,1.0
"Great place to go for any and all of your sporting and firearm needs. John and his staff are very insightful and knowledgable. You can bring your questions and they will help you through it all. 

First time shopper?  Go in and tell them you are a first timer and need to peruse the items.  They will let you take as long as you want.  No pressure or any ""gun shop Rambos"" here.  Ask lots of questions. Come back if you need as well (that is always best). 

Looking for ammo?  Always call ahead ask before making the trip. 

Lastly, they are located in Wilkinsburg, not Downtown Pittsburgh. Penn ave is correct, but just a bit down 376 to Wilkinsburg exit will get you there.",5.0
"Not the worst but not the best. I wouldn't come back. The soup is very single noted, they forcefully add in the mint and toppings which just adds bitter mint flavour to the soup. 

On the plus note they are clean, the ambiance is quite hipstery, and they do have an interesting take on Banh Mi with their sliders. 

Seriously guys, stop featuring Pho as your main, you should consider the other lesser known vietnamese dishes such as, Banh mi, Fresh rolls, Banh Xeo, Banh Uot, Thiet Kho. 

And get your staff to suggest different and memorable food items. Customer service is very sedentary. You get more thank you's at McDonald's.",3.0
"A friend of mine called the Las Vegas Animal Emergency Hospital on Christmas.  His roommate's cat was dying and he didn't want it to suffer.

Someone named Jimmy answered the phone and asked several questions that seemed both unnecessary.and insensitive.

But one question sticks with me and is keeping me awake because I don't want to dream about the answer tonight.

""Do you want to watch?""

Apparently, you have to pay extra to watch a beloved pet be euthanized at the Las Vegas Animal Emergency Hospital.

So, I wonder, ""What do they do to animals  if you're not there?""

The possibilities haunt me.  The cruelty of the pay-to-watch fee structure and the coldness of the questions posed by Jimmy make me ill.

I remember calling after-hour and emergency vets in Los Angeles when my 15-year-old dog was dying.  The phone calls were some of the hardest conversations I had in my life.  But the vets I talked to  showed kindness and concern.  

No one advised me that I'd have to pay a premium to say goodbye.",1.0
"Clean and bright, excellent salsa, young, polite, + happy girls working there.  Far better than the Filibertos on Main near power.  Great Asada Burrito and no hassle on drink refills.",4.0
"went there a couple of times now. Service is decent, food is just your average sports bar ,  cocktails and mixed drinks are a bit to sweet for my taste. 

I don't suggest you go there early due to lack of servers from my experience and from what friends have told me as well. You should probably go on tuesdays as i really do enjoy their tuesday special of wings.

Overall good to go with small groups of friends as it isn't crazy spacious, everything is decent nothing crazy great about it and nothing terrible about the place either!",3.0
"Cool, non pretentious old Skool diner. Food looked and tasted homemade, authentic. I ordered the waffle with strawberries and whipped cream, perfectly cooked with crispy texture, and LOADED with strawberries.  Followed by banana cream pie for dessert.  I will be back while in Arizona!",4.0
"I don't update my reviews very often. Usually the business service is the same. In this case, I'm very dissatisfied with AAMCO. A few weeks ago, I asked them to check my car out. They did and gave me an estimate. Well, I was ready to have them make the repairs that they gave me an estimate on and called to make an appointment. I didn't have the estimate, but the guy who answered the phone said they didn't file the estimate. Why in the world would they not keep an estimate, so they would know what it is they checked out and what they would need to fix. It boggles my mind. Any other repair shop would have a copy of it and know how to schedule me in because they know specifically what repair it would be rather than relying on a customer to hold recite what's on the paperwork. When he told me he didn't keep their estimates, I decided they don't care enough to have my business. There are too many other repair shops and I will just go somewhere else. It's what I call poor business practices no matter how many good reviews they got. I just won't put up with it!",1.0
"Excellent pizza and that's coming from someone who's from NY. That also have a big menu, all of it's great. Definitely the go to place for good food fast.",5.0
This is the best pizza I have had in Charlotte. The prices are reasonable and the employees are friendly.,5.0
"Absolutely love Winking Lizard.  Everything about it is great, the food, the atmosphere, the workers.  You cant go wrong here.  I highly recommend their pizza or wings.",4.0
"It's a lovely park and the problem isn't with it itself; it's with the parkgoers. 

Simple as this: KEEP YOUR DOG ON A LEASH. 

I know, I know, your dog is different, it doesn't need a leash. It's not about your dog, it's about the safety of others and their dogs. Dogs on a leash get more aggressive toward dogs that aren't on one because they are more protective of their owner when they're on the leash. If you have your dogs just romping down a narrow trail without a leash they're going to run into another dog eventually.

You aren't special. You think the rules don't apply to you, but they do. Pittsburgh Police should have a plain clothes officer walking the trails handing out the $300 citations all the leash law signs in the park that people clearly cannot read.

The exercise areas in the fenced dog park area are more than enough space to play hours of fetch with your dogs, you shouldn't be doing it in the grassy areas next to the trail. 

Today alone I saw a husky, a rot, two german shepherds, and countless bigger mixes off leash outside the dog park on the trails. You're going to get someone hurt or another dog hurt; and it's going to be the dogs that suffer most because the city can't force you to be put down instead. 

Get over yourselves.",1.0
"Ordered the yellow curry (carrots, potatoes,onions, DARK chicken) One of the best currys I've had. I selected spicy and I started tearing up the first spoonful so I'm not sure I should review it considering I could hardly taste anything. Big quantities with tender chicken. Crab ragoons were typical but had more crab than I thought. Mango sticky rice is huge. They give you a whole mango and rice with maraschino cherries as a cute addition. Iced Thai coffee was delicious as well. 

Note: they don't have any of the Thai iced teas/ coffees or desserts on their eat24 online menu so if you do takeout, make it a note. Quaint little restaurant with sophisticated furnishings. I wouldn't mind dining in.",5.0
The wings and the service was average. But a great place to meet up with friends for a drink,3.0
Pretty disappointing. The side Caesar salads were bland. Fries undercooked. Seems like the wings are the safe choice.,2.0
"I moved into a new home with a pool that was not in the best shape. I had no idea where to begin and needed quite a bit of help. I had 2 companies come out that refused to help, saying my pool would be too much work and it would never stay clean. Then I found Mike at Riley Pools. He spent time talking to me and getting to know me and my pool. He even came on a holiday weekend, which was not expected but very much appreciated. Riley Pools took on my pool and gave me reasonable and honest expectations. Since that first visit, both Mike and Tyler have been out to assist with repairs as well as weekly cleaning and chemical service. The prices are always very reasonable. The weekly cleaning, thanks to Tyler, has kept my pool looking spotless. So despite 2 other highly reviewed companies saying my pool would never stay clean, Riley Pools has kept it looking great. I can't recommend these guys enough!! If you need repairs or just a weekly cleaning and chemical service, consider giving them a call.",5.0
"wandered in after first friday, sat right down no wait and it was soooooo good!  tiny little place, the kitchen smells amazing. very affordable given the quality and portions of the food. jerk chicken was pretty spicy, just how i like it.  my buddy ordered the scallops and said they were pretty much the best.  excellent drinks (order the coconut water and it is srved in a real coconut that you can scope the ""meat"" out of) and the two piece musical outfit added great music to chill but definetly not overwhelm. cant wait to go back.",5.0
"This is just for the whole management of Cox Services in Las Vegas.

Cox is just like any oil company that pops in your head. Their monopolistic practices have made them the only acceptable cable/internet/phone provider in Clark County and they intend to do anything to bar out intruding services to compete with their digusting enlisted prices. I come from Los Angeles, where we get the same services that Cox provides for about half off. But the price is what makes the difference and Cox loves to suck the life out of you if they have to.

Because I spend a great deal of time online for multiple purposes, I need fast internet. To get that kind of service, I am forced to pay $50-55. JUST for internet. In Los Angeles,  you can get both cable AND internet for that price. Cox understands that they are the lone cable provider so they take advantage of this town.

Sad thing is, you really can't say no here unless you get Dish or Direct TV. If you do get those services, you must sign for a long term commitment which in truth, is technically cheaper in the long run.

Cox will never have lenience on your finances but it's not like you really have a choice. Even the customer representatives are hesitant when they say the prices over the phone because it makes even them throw up. I'm hoping that other services start making their way and once they do, Cox can go fuck themselves.",1.0
Beware of the mouth breather at the drive-through! I've never seen someone mess up an order so many times in my life in the matter of minutes!,2.0
"If you like the vegan, gluten free type of coffee and food then this is your place. If you are like me and like your coffee done the way you are used to then maybe try somewhere else. They do not have regular milk, only coconut, soy and almond milk are available. 

The thing that I did like about the place was that they had very interesting art work around the store for sale and they do offer their location for rental for events which is a large enough space. 

Overall, if you want to try somethings interesting or want to impress someone with how hip you are then check out D'beastro, but if you want a regular coffee, check out the Tim Hortons or Starbucks down the street.",3.0
"Lets start with the positive statements the price is not to bad although the place caters to casino workers. The rooms are clean and for the most part are under control.  The kids have activities and enjoy their time at the Daycare. Now the not so nice part, the posted hours of operation on the web page are not correct they don't open till 5 am. Their billing department is every rude she can not explain why the charges are on your account and tries to blame everything else but a mistake on her part. Which raises your out of pocket expense.  Also parking is very tigh",2.0
"Food is okay but, good luck getting service!",1.0
"This is a great restaurant for a nice elegant evening out.  Nice ambiance and decor, professional staff that knows the menu and specialties extremely well,  and delivers good service to boot.  

The dishes offered have been consistently well reviewed by my guests,  from crab cakes to chicken to desert everyone has loved what they've ordered across the whole menu.  To complement the food they have an excellent bar with unique cocktails (my favorite is the viper a tequila cucumber-water and cayenne masterpiece).

I suppose I could ding them on price,  they aren't cheap,  but the overall experience makes it worth it for me.  Don't go in expecting an inexpensive meal.

Overall, I'll be back, and I will keep leverage five church in particular for our of town guests that have never visited Charlotte before to help drive a positive impression of our city - they help a great deal in that effort.",5.0
"Great service and nice atmosphere but the food is major lacking in flavor.
My salad was so heavily dressed with balsamic drizzle that it overpowered the rest of the salad. My short-ribs were falling off the bone but had very little flavor, I just couldn't finish it, and I  rarely don't finish a meal.

UPDATE: I got a nasty message on yelp from an employee. Please don't patronize this restaurant. I now changed my star rating.",1.0
"I will never stay here again. I spent over $2,000.00 at this hotel. My husband and I stayed here while our house was being readied to move in to. During our visit we had to have housekeeping come and clean our room several times. They would start to clean the room and then must have been distracted because when we would come in the cleaners would have been left, the floors not vacuumed. The front desk person Peggy is the most rude person I have ever met. After having the hotel key not work in my room door several times I asked my husband to call the front desk and ask them to bring me a key. I was in the laundry room with the only working washer (the other one was broken) and not dressed to walk to the other side of the building when once again my key would not work. Peggy hung up on my husband when he asked to speak with management and then didn't answer the phone when he called. So I walked in my slippers, a tank top and sweats across the hotel once again. Peggy was at the front desk and I asked her why she hung up on my husband and she said ""because I was done talking"". I asked her to speak to the manager and she said I'm busy with a customer the manager isn't here. I admit I got annoyed at this point and asked her why my keys keep getting turned off. Told her she had the worst attitude and no customer service skills. She said I was rude and a few other things. Let's just say I will never stay here again. My advice is pick someplace else.",1.0
"I ordered the Germany crepe. It was so intense! Sauerkraut, mustard, and pickles. All that acid kinda made made my stomach hurt. Which is strange because I love those ingredients. It was just too much. It looked very nice Though. My boyfriend got the  Italy which was somewhat plain. I was expecting a lot more cheese and maybe some more prosciutto. It was mostly just egg. We asked for water and he brought us a bottle of water and then charged us. We would've been OK with tap we didn't ask for bottled water. Then we had the nonalcoholic drinks which really sucked. It tasted like watered down juice. I hope it was just a bad day. It was a cute venue.",2.0
"OK, I love LOS and have eaten there well over a hundred times in the 12 years they have been open in Las Vegas. The quality of the food hardly ever varied and it was a SOLID FIVE STAR RESTAURANT. 

However, my last two visits held a few disappointments; I consider Nam Kao Tod to be one of the world's truly great dishes and almost always order it at LOS. The last two times I ordered Nam Kao Tod it was not the amazing, compelling, best thing I ever ate dish that it always was before, it was just OK. Another favorite, the Garlic Prawns were not prepared as carefully as usual and the portion size was HALF of what we were served before, other dishes also seemed to be served in smaller portions. I hope the problems were kitchen anomalies that won't become permanent. 

The smaller portions are more troubling, no one deserved a James Beard award more than Saipin but I hope it isn't the reason for the smaller portions and much higher prices.. Overall, still an excellent meal, just not the 5 STAR, 28 point Zagat, worth a drive from anywhere quality that I am used to at LOS. I really really want to give this place 5 STARS again!",3.0
"Tucked away in a strip mall just north of The Strip, LoS is worth the escape.  Best Thai food ever.  H-light: Anything crispy or curry in the description. Dumplings and duck come to mind.",5.0
"Ordered the top recommended items based off yelp reviews. 

Crispy rice, nam kao tod: Was not the best. 
The crispy rice was interesting to say the least but the flavors were too strong. Too sour and too salty! 
Duck pennang: the best thing ever! This is a must get item. It was savoury and creamy and oh so delicious! We devoured this 
Garlic prawns: also very delicious. Fried with the shrimp shells. Not super duper garlicy. 
Soft shelled crab noodles: the soft shelled crabs were pretty good too but very small quantity for the price. 

The service was also phenomenal! The waiter was quick to come by and checked on is fairly frequently. The food also arrived quickly.",4.0
"Took a business colleague here for a working dinner. I won't try to remember the names of what we ordered, except to say that it was flavorful and delicious.

What really knocked us out is that the service was in top 5% of places I have ever been to, and that includes some high end Michelin-rated places.

A great experience, great food and EXCEPTIONAL service. I'd go again in a minute.",5.0
"I love this place! I always get the same 3 dishes: garlic prawns, pad sew ew and their pineapple duck curry. They are a must try! 

There always seems to be a line so be sure to get there right when it opens!",5.0
Great jewlery place employess are very friendly and helpfull.  Employee spent almost 2 hours showing and helping me find the perfect diamond for the ring.  When i picked the ring up few days later it looked amazing.  They have great customer service and i will never shop or go anywhere else as long as i live in this state.,5.0
"Papi Queso is the best grilled cheese you can get in Charlotte.  Forget the their pairings are innovative and can please any palette--they're expertly prepared.  The bread is grilled to the perfect crispyness.  So if you're a carnavore, go for the Pig Mac and if you're a veggie, try the Mushroom Leek. Something for everyone!",5.0
"Service was good, but quality was sub par. I noticed soon after entering thay the restaurant was fairly empty (3-5 tanles being used) during peak dinner hours on a Thursday night. My roommate and I ventured here to check out their AYCE sushi, which was the least expensive around. During and after dinning, it was apparent why their price was slightly lower. The food quality did not match competitions in the area and their selection was also quite limited when compared to others. I can normally set large amounts of food at higher quality sushi restaurants, however, I only ate 2-3 rolls (which were merely rice, fish, and avocado, no better options) along with a few orders of nigiri. After that, my stomach became upset and quite bloated. I also noted immediately that the rice was VERY warm compared to other sushi bars. Whole the rice is normally cool or room temperature, the heat of the rice was very off-putting and altered the taste of the already lowER quality fish. I won't be returning here and will gladly pay $3-5 more for an AYCE option down the road for a better variety, higher quality, and improved overall experience.",2.0
"Dr. Permack is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and thorough in his exams.  He made me feel very comfortable and while he was testing my eyes he kept informing me of the process and patiently answered all my questions.  His office is also conveniently located beside the subway and he is open late on Thursdays and is available on Saturdays.  Happy to have found such a great Dr.",5.0
"Took my kids to see a horror movie at Texas Station, where I rarely go because I live near other theaters. When we get to the ticket booth I say ""Three for such-n-such movie"" and we walk in. Later on, I'm thinking ""Gee that was expensive"" and I look at the tickets and realize they've charged us for three adults. I figure I'll just catch the booth on the way out and see if they will refund me the difference - no biggie, because it was my own fault for not mentioning children.  But about 2/3 through the movie, my kids get too scared and want to leave - so we do. On the way out we hit the booth and I explain that through my own fault I overspent on the tickets, forgetting to note that two of our party were kids. All I wanted, if possible, was the difference between two adult tickets and two kids tickets, roughly 7 dollars total.  Instead, without being asked, they voluntarily refunded us the entire $34.50, noting that we hadn't stayed for the whole movie. Now that's classy customer service. I will now go to Texas theatre as my first choice!",5.0
"Great lunch with great company. Very affordable, multiple options, and very good service. Good job.",4.0
"After just transferring to Phoenix a few days ago I found myself starving and looking for something breakfast wise.  I go to Fry's for a Tully's coffee but nothing there piqued my interest so I remembered there was a bagel place in the plaza.  
The outside wasn't anything to write home about once I went in I was greeted by two ladies who seemed actually HAPPY to serve me!  Their menu was easy to see, they have their bagel selection right out front so you can see what you'll be getting which I found nice.  I settled on a Bagel with cheese, egg and bacon.  While paying I felt bad about not having cash on hand seeing as my bill only came to $3.95, the lady reassured me it was totally fine and went about placing my order with the back.  I was hand-delivered my sandwich in under 10 minutes with a warm smile and ""have a great day"".

The sandwich was great, the service was awesome, the place was clean and comfortable.  I will be going back when in the area for sure!",4.0
The worst rental place hidden fees the fees were twice much as the rental do not rental from verve  economy it's a scam car rental in lasvegas 8174 Las Vegas blvd  from 76 .00 for to days and fees we end bay 193.00 for to days do not use them Do not use them,1.0
"I booked a car from Verve online for my father when he came into town for a job interview. Once my father got into town, Anthony, the owner, made sure to take excellent care of him and directed my father where he needed to go and how to get around town. My father stated Anthony and his staff was patient with him and assisted him with all of his needs. I will be recommending Verve to all my family and friends that come to Vegas.",5.0
"This is my go-to sushi place. They're sushi is fresh and delicious, staff is friendly, and atmosphere is great!! They have a very unique interior and their choice of music is always fantastic if you're a 70's to 80's fan like me. When you walk in, the whole staff greets you with a warm heart and keeps their great service until you walk out of the restaurant. Chef guarantees  great quality fish and food and has pride for his food which is why it might feel a little pricey but with happy hour deal it's even better! Now there's only one sushi chef on weekdays so bear in mind it may take some time before getting your food but you will be more than happy to taste their food when you get it!",5.0
"I've been coming here for years!! My friend took me here for my first time and I have been hooked ever since!! LoL

It's is a small establishment that has been remodeled. Right when you walk in you are greeted by the family like staff, very welcoming. I'm not sure, but I think it's family owned. I always see the same guy making the sushi and pretty much the same waiters/waitresses. 

Now for the food. I think the portions are perfect, especially for the price. It's hard to find great tasting sushi that doesn't cost outrages amounts. I mainly get the sushi here so honestly I can't express how I feel about the other things on the menu, but I'm sure they taste just as good.

I definitely recommend this place for sushi lovers and people new to sushi. Don't mess up your first sushi experience, you could be scarred for life!! LoL Oooohh and they have a Happy Hour too!!",5.0
"Went here to get some cookies for a friend. The drive thru person Lamoni, sucked and couldn't tell the difference from coffee to her asshole, also a car broke down in the drive thru.",1.0
"Lots of great gear can be found here. MEC often has a lot of the newest gear for camping, trekking, and surviving in urban Toronto. Unlike many other retailers the store branded merchandise are of great quality and easily rivals more expensive brands.

I was in the store today picking up a couple of hoodies for my mum, and had the pleasure to be helped by a very pretty and wonderful lady. She was very friendly, funny (joked with me about not noticing her at first), and helpful, and turned an average experience into a great one.

The prices were great for the products I picked up, and their service of being able to put low-stock items on hold for you is excellent. I'd definitely come back here for the excellent products they have and the great customer service they provide.",5.0
"Don't let the name fool you, they aren't just nachos! But the nachos are definitely to die for! Super yummy food and drinks that are affordable. Music videos are a bonus! Manager, Johnny is the man. Great service. My hubs and I absolutely love this place.",5.0
"Luchita's is definitely different than other Mexican places around. Just because it's different doesn't mean it's bad. To the lady complaining about the burrito, the menu perfectly explains what you are getting: ""a flour tortilla filled with your choice of shredded chicken, shredded beef, ground beef, refried bean, or vegetarian, then topped with melted cheese."" It's not their fault you were expecting something different. If you look up traditional burritos, that is how they are made - flour tortilla, stuffed with meat or beans. Just because everyone is used to chipotle's burritos being filled with whatever your heart desires, it does not mean that's what you're going to get at an actual Mexican restaurant. (If you do want a big burrito filled with lots of stuff, they have one, too.) Luchita's is definitely a little more ""Americanized"" than other nearby restaurants but I prefer it. I don't feel sick when I'm done eating there. If you really want authentic Mexican, order some of their specialty dinners. Luchita's is one of the few restaurants around with chiles rellenos and empanadas. Delicious.",5.0
"So yeah.  Zero stars for this place.  I went for spring break with my fiance.  I get that part of this has to do with the fact I am there in a high tourist season, however our hotel at a decent place was less that what it cost us to rent a Kia Soul.    We were not allowed to change our car even though we had no desire to be driving that.  We were basically harrassed about insurance for ten min.  They told us that we had to top off the fuel within a five mi radius and bring in a receipt with this information, as that failure to do this would incur a penalty.

To put another driver on the vehicle was more than twenty per day.  In some cities in a non tourist season you can get an economy car for that price.

The USB connection ports didnt work so charging iPods ect wasnt going to happen.

The major complaint happened at check in.  We were in a rush and I left some items in the vehicle.  I noticed that I left them when I was in the line for Southwest (that was a horror show as well), I called three times from the airport, once from the plane and once from our layover.  Then I called from St Louis where we landed.  Each time leaving messages.  I got a call a day later.  A majority of the items werent found.

The woman in the lost and found was nice, however couldnt explain what happend.  I spoke with her manager who told me that she would look in to it and call me the next day.  That was three months and five left messages by myself ago.  All she needed to do was say that they looked at the video tape.  Thats it.  I heard story after story from the Lost and Found woman about what they did, however it really never made sense.  Why some and not all of the items were recovered doesnt make sense until this day.

So while I understand that I didnt have to go to spring training and then it was my fault that I lost things, this was a rip off with a serious lack of courtesy to the end user.",1.0
"Have eaten at this bar many times over the years. The food was really good a few years back even a couple of months ago. Went twice this month the food was not good. Had the club sandwich look nothing like a club sandwich had to cut it myself and was very dry. My boyfriend had wings and fries,wing where warm ,not fresh and fries tasted old. Will not be going back  ):",2.0
"Love, love, LOVE this place!

I came here for a Christmas get together with a great friend and we both really liked it.  It has a very comfy, boho kind of feel with really good, well cooked, food.  There's a real mix of customers too - all ages, all types of people.  

I had the chicken dinner that came with some sort of bread pudding which was fantastic and then some brussel sprouts.  I didn't have an appetizer or dessert but they all looked really good and judging from what other people around us ordered, it looked like everything was great.

What I liked the most is that it was quite busy and yet, we didn't feel rushed at all.  We spent a fair bit of time there and the waiter didn't push us out at all.  Great place to spend an evening!",5.0
"Love this Baskin Robbins! They have very friendly staff. My husband and I love coming here for late ice cream in the evening. 
That seating area outside (right next to Starbucks) is really nice. We love to hang out there and enjoy the wonderful BR treats.",4.0
"So disappointed!   We just relocated here last month and we were so excited to have found this great place.  We have eaten here once or twice a week since. Came today and was so let down to find that the fresh cut fries have been replaced with frozen fries!!!  They also had no craft beer for my hubby. To the company who bought out the place...give us back the good fries!  That is a deal breaker for me!  We will drive to other burger places in search of great fries, even if we have to drive further!",2.0
"I brought my car in for the first time today, and I was so impressed by the level of customer service I was given - my only regret is that I didn't catch the name of guy who single-handedly did six oil changes in less than an hour and still made me feel like my business mattered to him. If his boss is reading this, please give him a raise! He deserves it!",5.0
"Our first night on vacation in Scottsdale we decided to try the Roaring Fork. We arrived while happy hour was still happening (around 4:30 pm) and although we explained that we were there for dinner which starts at 5:00 we were told we could not sit in the dining area. 
Our server was attentive although she seemed stretched a little thin 
We ordered the guacamole and the queso with chorizo off the happy hour menu, both were good 

Once we were allowed to order from the dinner menu I ordered the muscles and chorizo OMG ...
That is one of the best things I have tasted it was amazing !! 

We would definitely be back :)",4.0
"Go for the happy hour, enjoy the drink specials ($5 martinis among others. Yay!) and order the Big Ass Burger, but before you do remember these points:

It's open seating during happy hour (which runs 4-7). There were people sitting and standing around showing various states of impatience when we arrived. We walked around through the bar and front patio (the only areas open for happy hour) searching for an open table. Finally, a very nice manager caught up with me and offered a booth in the dining area with the caveat that we'd need to finish up or move to the bar by about 6:45, before a dinner reservation came in. We jumped at the offer, likely pissing off some others who had been waiting as well, and probably longer . No complaints in the way it was handled, but be aware that it's popular happy hour with open seating and when you arrive for a table you are basically on your own.

Second, it's an older crowd.  They look more like Scottsdale golf course residents than workers from the surrounding buildings. No problem there, either. Just a reminder that the line between ""happy hour"" and ""early bird special"" continues to fade.

Third, it was busy so service was a bit slow, though not unpleasant at all. 

I guess the message for y'all: This place gets busy during happy hour. :-)",4.0
"This is a cool place.   The decor is so artsy and the music is great.   You can see a movie or just hang out for drinks.  The movies are independent, foreign, documentries, etc  The owner comes out and greats everyone.  What a great place.",5.0
"**NOT Vegetarian Friendly**

Only one vegetarian burger on the menu: Earth Burger made of portabella mushrooms. I personally dislike mushroom burgers, so I passed. Also, why is a veggie burger more expensive than a beef burger?!

I had a variety of sides instead: Sweet Potato Fries, Beer Battered Onion Rings, and Truffle Parmesan Fries. Sweet potato comes with a side of powdered sugar, making it a great sweet/savory dish. The onion rings were incredibly light and airy, which is abnormal for something beer battered. Truffle fries were my favorite, highly recommend! One of these sides can serve 2-3 people. 

Burgers take 30-40 minutes each to be made, even the vegetarian one, not exactly sure why. Burgers don't come with any sides.",2.0
"Ordered three hamburgers and a couple of sides today to take back to our room at Planet Hollywood.  Our hostess /server Vanessa was RUDE AND SNOBBY.  After waiting 20 minutes we politely asked the status of our order.  Vanessa completely IGNORED us and started talking to the other staff members.  So when we asked again she told us that orders take 30 minutes and it's only been 20 minutes.  She said it with such an unbelievable ATTITUDE and RUDENESS!!! She then proceeded to loud talk with the two other women about us ""Trying her patience""!  (We are standing in front of you and we can hear you!!!!  ).  Then they started whispering amongst themselves and looking angrily at us as if we did something other than order three hamburgers to go for $68.13 !
We have been Gordon Ramsey fans for a long time and this was our Very FIRST  experience at any of his restaurants.  What an incredibly disappointing experience !!  I guess the hamburgers were good  but honestly we lost our appetite.  We will not go back to GR BURGR.  (Manager see check # 8531327) Management needs to really choose who they put out in front to greet customers!!  They should be personable and friendly ...especially at a restaurant located at Planet Hollywood that caters to so many people from all over the country and world.   
CC: guestrelations",1.0
"Now that the hype is over the wait isnt so long.  Actually  at times there is no wait at all.  They have also started using ipads to showcase menu items that may have been explained above most guests culinary experience i.e, the banana  shake was not called a banana  shake originally  lol.

The food. Mmmmmm the farm burger.  Have you ever had duck bacon?  Forget slapping my momma I wanna slap G. Ramsey.  I can eat 2 of these burgers its that good.  Also sampled the blue burger, it was also delish.  The parm truffle fries a lil on the salty side for me but hey I was sober, shame on me for being sober in vegas lol.  

The now named banana  shake, best shake I've  ever had in my entire life, hands down.",4.0
"This place is phenomenal!

One of our favorite places to go for food in Vegas!

However... note to business owners/management:  The onsite manager stood there and did nothing (except talk to the servers).  It was super busy, and our onion rings were served cold.  When they were re-served, the outsides were crunchy and hot, but the breading in the insides was raw in the bigger rings.  (They looked good, but were not well-cooked).  This problem would have been easily avoided (I'm assuming for ALL customers that day/time) if the onsite manager had taken the time/trouble to actually walk around, or even perhaps sample the products from the different batches.  I laugh when I imagine what Gordon Ramsay's reaction would be if this was his T.V. show and he saw what was going on.",5.0
"I am one of those gals who loves to paint her nails but rarely gets manicures. I simply do not know the lay of the land in those places! Feeling fancy one day, I asked a friend where her beautiful nails were done and she recommended Dynasty. I have been there twice now and both times were enjoyable. I was able to walk in and be seated right away. The woman doing my nails this last time did a fabulous job. I brought a photo and my own polish for a party look I was going for, and she exceeded my expectations. I can't wait to show off my fun party nails, and will definitely return when I'm feeling fancy!",4.0
The only thing holding me from rating this restaurant 5 stars is pricing and portion. you shouldnt have to charge $25 a plate for 3 bites of food.. Cmon get the hell out of here with that. But with all that said the food here is pretty good but I think you can get a deal on their suckling pig dish if you have like 8 people..we saw another table ordering it and it looked awesome! Anyways the place is solid and if there was a happy hour on all their tapas dishes I would come back,4.0
"I don't understand why this place has so many good reviews. Small portions of mediocre food for an outrageous price. We've spent a lot of money on dinners in the past in Vegas and always left happy. This place broke the streak. The service is subpar. The waiters aren't helpful with their recommendations and don't even think about ordering something slightly different than what's on the menu--the waiter and chef looked like they were annoyed when we did so. Last but not least, the food just didn't taste that good. Go somewhere else while in Vegas--so many other better options.",2.0
"For someone that loves tapas, and loves modern / molecular gastronomy even more, Julian Serrano was total bliss.  From the moment we sat down, everyone was super accommodating and friendly. The waitress obliged our many questions about the dishes. Even when we asked probably dumb questions to the sommelier, he seemed just genuinely excited to talk about wine. Definitely not the usual smug a*hole you find at most expensive restaurants.

From the rather dark and cave like ambiance of the Aria Hotel's casino floor, Julian Serrano (JS) is a pop of very bright colors and trendy styles. There are decorative sound barriers between the casino floor and the restaurant, so you are sheltered from all the noise and smoke of the casino.

The tapas dishes were the second best tapas I'd ever had, second only to Jose Andres. The traditional Spanish dishes are tasty, but you can generally get them at most Spanish tapas restaurants. Branch out, and try the dishes from the ""Modern"" section of the menu. These are the hallmarks of Julian Serrano's creativity, not just a mastery of traditional Spanish dishes.

Best Dishes:
The molecular mozzarella with pork belly was fantastic. 
The rabbit and garlic mash dish was very garlicy and delicious.
Huevos Estrellados: This dish was a heart attack we had no chance of finishing, but it was delicious. French fries, fried eggs, and chorizo. Wrap your head around that one.

Not so great dishes:
While I love lobster, and I love pineapple, the lobster-pineapple skewer was too salty/rubbery, and not my favorite.
The gambas/shrimp dish was just cooked shrimp in a bowl of garlic-flavored butter. Really nothing to write home about.

Dishes run about 10-15 dollars each.  Total bill at the end of the night was under $200 for two of us after a bottle of wine (average price, not vintage, not the cheapest on the menu), enough tapas dishes to really fill us up, and a split dessert.",5.0
"What a great find.  I am a tall woman and had a nice pair of woolen slacks that fit perfect. Problem is, I couldn't find anything to fit me. I brought in my slacks and asked if they could make me pair.  Alma told me a great store to go to buy the material for the slacks.  I went to Heddies and picked out some excellent cloth and liner.  Then brought it back to Europin. I just left my old slacks with Alma.  I picked them up today and they are perfect.  I really enjoyed their service and they now have a new customer. I am going to spread the word about them.",5.0
Fantastic.    Altered my dress quickly (I waited till last minute) (one day).  With a smile! And it came out amazing! Thank you!!'n,5.0
"Could NOT be happier!!! Sent an arrangement to someone special, and the attention to detail, speed of delivery and freshness of the flowers CANNOT be beat!!!! Will never use anyone else again! (personal fav was the emailed pic of the flowers before they left the shop!!!)",5.0
"I haven't been here in years and completely forgot about the Saturday Farmers Market until today. Was walking by on the way to Union Station and saw someone exit through one of the side doors of the St.Lawrence Market building... I saw tables and tables of fresh veggies!!! 
I ran in and lost myself in all the fresh goodness of all kinds of amazing produce  :)

They also sell maple syrup, apple butter, all kinds of baked products (pies, muffins, breads..etc), vinegars, honey, smoked and fresh meats, cheeses..

I'll be back in a couple of weeks!",5.0
"It's great to see a new FroYo place opening up in our neighborhood.  Okay, it's not ""litterally"" in our neighborhood, but it's in the same zip code.  I really like the atmosphere, and they have 12 different flavors.  Also, Tons of toppings which is a huge plus.  I was pretty full from dinner when we went so I went light on the Pumpkin Pie and added Cap'n Crunch and a few Snowcaps. I really like the open air vibe and the workers are very friendly and helpful. Parking is the only downside, but hey, can't win them all.  Really liked it!",4.0
"Guys hair is weird. We know what we want, but we have no idea how to verbalize it. I walked in with an idea of what I wanted, But Melissa was able to find the words to describe it and actually make it happen. She knows what shes doing, and even suggested some products to help with my dry scalp. I dont think ill ever go anywhere else.",5.0
"Great place for good cost Sushi! They make it a great value with their always ""happy hour"" prices - the quality of Sushi (despite being concerned about how inexpensive) was amazing!  Additionally, they provide the soup and salad at no additional cost.

Make sure and ask about the special rolls that are not on the menu - for example, the Medusa roll is amazing!

The staff is always very friendly and treats you like one of their family - it is great to go to a restaurant where they really seem to enjoy their patrons!!",4.0
"The Las Vegas roll is a must try, I have had them at many different places but theirs is my favorite! Just know that if you order sushi to go you do not get the happy hour prices.",4.0
"HORRIBLE PLACE!!!! 

got the filet mignon and lobster tail! the lobster tail was HORRIBLE it tasted like rubber way over cooked and too much sauce which gave a horrible nauseous feeling!!

the filet mignon was already had better at cheesecake factory.

The roasted chicken was over cooked and disgusting.

they messed up on the french fries that we had ordered on the side.... it was burnt!!!!!!!!!

the service was horrible.... we saw a waitress maybe once or twice... throughout the night before we were given the check. She never once came by to check on us and the food!!!!!

our main server was the bus boy who got everything and was friendly enough to check on us... unlike the waitress.


we did make reservations and ended up being seated 30 min later as well..

5 star restaurant? I THINK NOT!


THINK AGAIN BEFORE COMING HERE.

our bill came out to 225.

for over cooked food...",1.0
"After watching Top Chef and having already been to Michael Voltaggio's stellar restaurant (The Dining Room), my wife and I had been looking forward to trying Tom Colicchio's ""Craftsteak"" for several months. So, the first thing we did when arriving at Vegas was make reservations.

I'll mention a few things: My wife and I are both under 30 and we were a party of two. I've always felt that if you really want to know how good a restaurant truly is, you visit as a party of two. Any restaurant in the world will bend over backwards to make a big party happy (servers know that more people = bigger tips), but when a restaurant treats a couple well, you know that they have class. 

Sad to say, this was the most classless fine dining experience that we've ever had. We would have complained to the manager had they been anywhere to be found... alas, Yelp.com gets the supreme pleasure of hearing the brutal truth :) Have fun with this guys/gals!

First: for $110 a person, you can eat like a king in Vegas. The food here was edible, but so is the food at any $30 buffet in town. You come to a place like this for top notch service and mind-blowing food - Craftsteak failed at both.

Service: 1/5

As many yelpers have suggested, the service here is almost non-existent until you are filling out the tip line on the check, when it becomes patronizing. We waited nearly 20 minutes before one of our four servers even bothered to ask us if we wanted to get drinks - and another 20 minutes before they asked if we wanted to order. With four servers you'd think that a party of two would be able to place a drink and food order within a half hour.

Now, before you think that this was intentional politeness on their part (nobody likes to be urged to order right away at a nice restaurant), this wasn't that - this was them being nearly oblivious to the fact that we were in the restaurant in the first place; Which is odd, because we made reservations and were seated front and center in the middle of the dining room. 

Still optimistic, we asked for an explanation about how the restaurant preferred to serve it's guests - but instead of being offered a clear explanation of the menu, the waiter rambled off a nearly incoherent sentence or two about how we should really just order from the chef's tasting menu. Ok, thanks for nothing - we are at Craftsteak, we KNOW that we're here for the chef's tasting menu! We came to spend!

20 more minutes passed before the next of our waiters arrived. He, again, advised us on the chef's tasting menu. We urged him to explain the tasting menu and finally we got an explanation - which would have been great except that he got his numbers completely mixed up. He explained that each guest receives 2 salad tastings, 2 meat tastings, and 2 side tastings. Our math said that meant 6 different tastings per person - 12 total - another Yelper mentioned 16 plates of food per couple, so that sounded about right. 

We waited another 15 before anyone came back to take our order...

The third waiter shows up like the friggin' hero of the day. We proceed to place our order, he informs us that we have everything wrong - you only get 1 of each tasting selection... which is kinda funny - because it defeats the purpose of the ""tasting"" menu if you are just going to serve massive family size portions of a few things, but whatever. We ordered the tasting menus (the wagyu beef versions, which were $130/person).

About 30 seconds pass before we did a little math and realized that we were actually paying quite a bit MORE for the tasting menu than if we had just ordered ala carte for the items that we wanted to try thanks to our fellow Yelpers (Bisque, Quail, Yukon Puree, Filet, etc.).

Throughout the meal, servers rarely came to the table to check on us. Service was tacky, although they were so pretentious that someone might confuse it for them being ""fancy"". Cmon yelpers - it's not ""fancy"" to leave cold, uneaten bread on the table for the ENTIRE meal when you have the main course out. It's not ""fancy"" to leave the clean, empty wine glasses on the table when we are on our second round of cocktails. Fine dining establishments are careful to manicure the eating process, this felt like I was at TGIF Fridays. Servers bumbled around, breaking 2 wine glasses and hoping no one saw. We had dirty, finished plates of food in front of us for the majority of the meal. My drink sat empty for no less than 25 minutes. 

I could go on but Yelp limits me to 5000 letters ;) 

Food - 2/5:
The Ribeye was tasty, but thin and covered in fat and gristle. The Filet was overcooked. The lobster bisque tasted like it was doused in fennel seeds. The quail, onions and yukons were good. The rest was mediocre at best. Again - it was edible, but for $110+ per person, my jaw should be in my lap. Worse, no ever checked on us despite $270 of food being on the table. 

Save your cash - or better - use it for a plane to LA and visit The Dining Room. We left disappointed.",1.0
Nice laundromat. Clean and cool inside. The nicest lady works there. She offered wash and fold services. She is so friendly! Any time I find myself in this area I will go back if nothing else just to say hi to her.,5.0
"Moved to the area recently and was looking for good, local pizza. Tried this place out. Family owned, which I like, but the service seemed to lack enthusiasm. The single large pizza I ordered was prepared in a reasonable amount of time and I took it home. It was plenty hot when I returned home, and that's great. The problem is.. it wasn't very good. The sauce was dull, the crust struck me as generic, and the quality of toppings didn't blow my mind. I'd put it on par with Papa John's, and  that's not necessarily a compliment.",2.0
The main chef left the restaurant. He opened up caf 33 which is just around the block. The food at this place now has gone down hill a bit last couple times we were there the dishes were very salty.,3.0
"Accidently sliced off my fingernail. Waited for hours to be seen. Was offered by the nurses water or juice. They were friendly. The show that was playing on the tv was about worms in the body, last thing I want to think about while waiting. Finally was seen, the doctor never offered and pain relief options, I know they can thin the blood or keep it from clotting, but he was very ""toughen up"" about it or ""Its not that bad"". Then asked me if I  liked rich guys. I was so annoyed and miserable, especially with my throbbing bleeding finger. Had to wait hours on my check up later on as well, just for them to tell me I was cleared to work again. The second doctor was nicer, and atleast thoughtful in pain sense, he told me that it was very close to seeing the bone, and was sure of the amount of pain I felt. Glad its over with now.",2.0
"Came in to visit client's for 3 nights. They offer shuttle service every half an hour to Mandalay Bay if your without a ride.

The rooms are suites and include a small living room, mini frig and microwave. The bed was mushy soft and the workout area is weak due to lack of equipment and is very small.

The lobby has several computers for printing of e tickets and they offer limited complimentary bfast although I passed on the bfast each day.

The staff at the front desk were friendly and they gave me complimentary water bottles which was nice. I'm not sure if I'll stay here again but this was a reasonable place to stay without walking through smoke filled casinos.",3.0
"I find there are very few establishments that do what I would really call 'good business' still left in the world.  I'm sure there are plenty I just run in to them every once in a rare while.  The Keg is one of them.

Two stories:

The first time I went here my friend and I just wanted a good steak so we searched out yelp and found The Keg was close.  Right off the bat I noticed the atmosphere was pretty nice, nothing over the top, but enjoyable.  I also noticed that the wait staff knew their shit.  Our waitress explained all the specials and recommended her favorites without hesitation.  The real highlight was before our food came when the manager came over and asked us if it was our first time.  He then brought us a shrimp cocktail on the house to kick off our meal.  

The second visit was for a friend's birthday.  We ordered a round of chocolate cake shots and the manager showed up to mix them himself and bought us our first round.  He also gave us each recipes to take home with us. 

The food on both occasions was great, I haven't had a good cut of meat like it since I left the midwest.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive, and I will definitely be going back.",5.0
I've been going to this restaurant for a number of years. I must say they have the best Prime Rib Burger I've tasted since I moved to Arizona. The service is always good. No matter what I order it's delightful. I recommend this for anybody looking for a great place to eat!,5.0
"I ordered the arizona burger last night and it was THE WORST hamburger I've ever had. It tasted like an over cooked, left over burger from a BBQ. The buns were also very dry, almost stale. I don't understand how anyone would serve the food they decided to put in front of me. The server never asked if we liked our food. She just picked it up (it barely had two bites from it) and asked if we wanted more beer. Very disappointed in the establishment. Not worth the drive and the hassle of parking a street away.",2.0
"I did an early tuesday evening at The Rose and Crown bar.  This place has a neat floorplan and they had good craft beers, which I need!  I had to drink and run so I only spent about 45 minutes in there, but no complaints from this guy. I'm excited for some outdoor fish n' chips with with friends this spring.  Then we'll see what they're really made of.......",4.0
"Soooooooo. My friend and I came here because 1) it is walking distance 2) hello Mexican food and 3) it's always busy. I
I don't know if they were short staffed or
just the most unorganized bar? 
When we sat down (at the bar) we were greeted promptly and given a water. We ordered our beers and then waited. And waited and waited. The main reason we went is my friend was starving. We finally found someone and asked for food menus. We were given A menu. To apparently share. 
We then waited 15 minutes for anyone to come and take our orders. 
Once our order was placed the food did come out promptly. I had nachos and they were covered with fresh cut veggies and totally delish. He had the Mac & Cleese with pork which he also loved. 
Not once did anyone check on us. 
Not once did anyone ask if I wanted another beer - my glass was empty for 10 minutes. 
What if we were dead?!! No one would have noticed! 
The manager maybe owner appeared to have possible ingested PCP intentionally and was skipping behind the bar hollering.
Honestly, the food was good. That's why there are 2 stars...The service was horrific. 
I won't even begin to describe the confusion on splitting our check. 
Bummer about this. I was looking forward to  our ladies brunch here.",2.0
"I don't go to bars anymore, so I'm not going to lower my stars just for that reason. I don't know what Fosters was like, what everyone kept talking about that this place was before a long time ago, but this bar had a nice ambiance. It has a church motif with a large cathedral like ""window"" that changed colors over the dance floor and cool ""medieval"" like ""flame"" lighting and faux lit candles. There were plush leather couches in a cozy side area which I liked, but it wasn't removed enough to make it easy to converse without having to raise your voice. Besides the noise level of what is basically a one-room bar, I didn't like the smoke machine as I kept thinking my contacts were dirty and it made talking even worse (I'm a little hoarse this morning). But then again, I don't do bars, so overall this place was well done in terms of design and would be a great place to go to in a group. The bartender was easy to get to and my drink was made very strong. Thumbs up.",4.0
"Okay. It's about time to write a review on this place. I've been coming here since it opened and have to admit that the quality has been slowly been going down for me. When they first opened, it was fantastic.

First off, the fries have been a disappointment as of late. The kimchi fries has been tasting less and less fresh. Just trying the fries themselves, they seem over cooked and tasteless. I stopped ordering them.

I stop getting the kalbi since the meat is not cooked properly and very chewy. I can tell that they are using a less quality meat now. I switched to squid and they were wonderfully cooked before but now they are over cooked and chewy. There is nothing wrong with the fresh veggie toppings but wished the protein were cooked properly.

They really need to clean the garbage area. The trash is obviously not working with the small shaped opening and it needs to have a flap or cover. There are all these small insects flying around and has become a nuisance during the warmer weather.

I used to rave about this place to friends but now it's not even someplace I would recommend. Try the burger joints across the street or even McDonald's by the corner.",2.0
"Definitely try the kimchi fries !!! It was the highlight of my night....just thinking of that savory meat fries kimchi and gravy was soooooo delicious....other than that, the banh mi was meh, it's basically a regular banh mi but with BBQ meat such as beef or pork for $6.....it's pretty pricy if u ask me, but next time when I'm back, gonna be trying the tacos and baos....it's a really small place with only about 6 tables so be prepared to take out or eat standing",4.0
"*4.75 stars*

It's back! It's back!  And it's delicious as ever still.  However, I found that it was better the first time.  Perhaps it's because you got to choose what you wanted in your taco prior to the renovations.

I came here last Friday with my friends.  I ordered myself the kalbi taco (since they ran out of pulled pork) and the kimchi fries.  The kimchi fries were DELICIOUS.  Very different -- if you're not into the ""sour spicy"" then don't try it.  They had pork in it as well, and it was delicious.  The kalbi taco was absolutely delicious, and had a good mixture of everything.

My plan is to try to have everything on the menu before the end of the year.  Gluttony at its best.

Why 4.75 and not 5?  The place is tiny.  Very very tiny.  Lack of seats, especially on a Friday evening.  My friends and I were crowded around the bar seats.  

Otherwise, delicious.  Need to try duck confit banh mi.",5.0
"Probably one of the poorer stays I've had at any hotel/motel...was going to say ""in recent memory"", but quite possibly ever.

To start with, the ""free wifi"" doesn't really work - at least not from the room I was staying in. The television in my room did not have reception, except for very fuzzy reception on a select few channels (who uses antennae anymore for television reception?), not to mention this motel is in a seedy area of town.

To top it off, there were urine stains on the bath-mat in my bathroom. No, I'm not kidding.

The one plus is a complimentary shuttle to the airport, and the rooms are cheap. Fortunately, I only had to endure one night as all I needed was a place to crash and any early morning shuttle to catch my flight home...

Would not recommend unless you're traveling on an extreme budget, or unless this is your last resort for where to stay....pay the extra money and stay somewhere nicer.",1.0
This place is Pawfect!!!! Ashley and Julie are doing a great job. They did exactly what i asked for for my dog! Definitely we will come back!,5.0
"This is one of our favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The food is absolutely excellent. We like to go there whenever we have time. Try their Tue special: All you can drink (Authentic Margaritas) and soft tacos (Steak or Chicken). It's just so tasty. Even their regular menu, fajitas are just delicious. Their Happy Hour menu worth to try, have lots of good selections, try Chicken Nachos, Guacamole, Shrimp Ceviche, etc. That's not all. You have to personally try it and appreciate it. The service is just excellent, 5 star. We like everybody there. It's just like home. The host greets us, the Manager Brandon and Kay always have their hands on. The servers are professional, we like all of them, Joe, Shane, Kent, Ezra, Michelle, Melonie, too many to name them all. Even the bus boys are good. We like Francisco and Jake. Overall, we just love the restaurant. Highly recommended.",5.0
"Ok this place used to be called Mercadito (cute Spanish word for Market) placed inside Red Rock. I'll tell you I loved it! For one, they had a nice selection of fresh tacos, even had the taco of the month. Their civiche was amazing, and the guacamole was out of this country amazing. I also loved that on Tuesdays they had industry night and gave a 50% discount (eventually coming down to 30%) but still, a highly recommended, fun and delicious Mexican restaurant.

So what happened? It closed down and was renamed and revamped. Apparently a new company or owners took over and added this weird art. My problem is the menu. All of a sudden they have Fajitas? I like faijtas but why change a menu that was popular?

This place would get packed back in 2015, we had to wait 40minutes but we knew it be worth it. So we walked in, on a Tuesday and was surprised to see it was kinda slow. And even more surprised to discover the menu was petite and the flavor wasn't out of this country. 

I'm conflicted, it's not that it tasted bad, and it's not that it's overpriced and I miss my discount. It's just not impressive anymore. The guacamole is ok, my girlfriend had some Mahi tacos and they were served on flour tortillas and she wasn't going crazy for them like before.

I miss my jalapeo Mexican Mac+cheese, and now there's nothing exciting to order.

In the end, it's worth a shot for just having a margarita and some chips and guacamole if that's your thing. Just bear in mind the food isn't anything to rave about.",2.0
"Went for Taco & Tequila Tuesday with friends, and we had more fun than I have had in a long time. Our waiter, Joe, was fantastic. He stayed on top of our drinks and tacos, and he was so friendly and fun. Joe made our visit to Libre more enjoyable than I could ever imagine it could be. We wound up staying almost 5 hours enjoying ourselves and receiving excellent service. Next time we visit Libre, we will definitely ask for Joe to be our server again. Joe was great, tacos were great, margaritas were great, this place is a hidden gem! We love Libre and we will definitely be returning as often as possible! Thanks for the great experience Joe and Libre!",5.0
"New to Yelp, but I have been a Mountainside Fitness member for four years.  The clubs across the valley are always clean and comfortable.  My main club on Shea and Sahuaro Dr just did a redo of the look and feel and the place feel brand new.  The equipment is always clean and in proper working order. The locker rooms are not scary and the interaction with the staff keeps me getting up and coming in early even on the ""coldest"" mornings in Scottsdale.",5.0
"Rooms were very dirty, doors and dressers were dinged and looks heavily partied in. Our TV was broke and VERY noisy.  They ""upgraded"" us to the paradise tower facing club Rehab which was nothing more than a bass filled box that smelled like weed most of the time. They couldn't move us until the next day and even then made it seem like we were the problem using the excuse that the rooms are partied in often. When we were finally moved the room was better facing the valley and mountains. The lobby and casino were cool with all the rock memorabilia but I would never stay at this hotel again.",1.0
"I am not sure why people care to stay at this place.  The rooms are cool nice 60"" Plasma in every room- cool decor and nice bed ok and cool toiletries.  Out side of that?  small gambling floor. A grungy TRL crowd of clientele.  The restaurant options are scant.  The Pink Taco is good and tasty.  They have a 2fer night on Tuesdays at the bar.  Tends to be a lot of locals since the weekend crowd has already left.

The front desk staff was hit or miss.  I was not pleased with the ATTITUDE from some of them and the late fee for checking out an hour early they tried to hustle me with.

I am giving 3 stars as I always love the memoribilia and the decor.  The Zidjan symbols as hallway lighting shades was a cool touch.",3.0
"Disclaimer: This is the most critical review I've ever written.  I am conscious of the negative aspect of internet culture that allows people to make unduly harsh comments at a high rate.  With that in mind, these are my honest feelings about my stay.  

As soon we arrived, we were hit with 80's hair metal cranked to 11 with no place to escape, except our room. On every inch of the hotel prepare to enjoy Dokken's greatest hits, and that deep cut from Warrant.  Our sleep this weekend was interrupted by the person who thought it was wise to decorate the hallways with actual drum cymbals.  I'm wondering if anyone during the design process considered the possibility that some guests might try to show off their drumming skills on the way back to their rooms after a night of drinking.  Needless to say, there were a lot of John Bonham wannabee's staying on the 9th floor.
 
Keeping with the theme of sleep deprivation, we were couldn't sleep due to the blinking smoke detector installed right above our bed.  When all the lights were shut off, and the black curtains were closed, the blinking smoke detector lit up the room like the lamest rave imaginable. This could go on for pages, so I'll continue with a shorthand checklist of problems:
- Guest Services was terrible.  I had to call 5 times to get an engineer to the room to fix the air conditioning.
- There were no responsible adults to be seen on staff.  All the employees are either in Motley Crue shirts, or working valet.  I really felt like if I complained about anything, they would shrug their shoulders and say ""sucks bro."" 
- There is no place to relax in the hotel unless you want to pay 25 dollars for the spa.  The pool is a giant party filled with cellulite and Bro culture. 
- The food tasted cheap,  like it was cooked by the gallon and over-sauced.

At least the bed was soft. 

Don't stay here unless you miss your freshman dorm.",1.0
"Acai is the new froyo?

I joined the line for a free acai bowl mostly because I never queue for free anything and thought my bucket list should include doing so just once.

The atmosphere is sort of the mullet of snack shops: Jamba Juice-like in the front and medical-office-like in the back. For a while in the line, I was worried that I'd accidentally queued for free botox or pedicures or weird treatments that involved cucumbers and mild electric currents.

The acai bowl, when finally achieved, was really good. It's sweet-tart in a refreshing way -- it does actually taste roughly the red-purple shade that it is -- as it's basically a fruit smoothie soft-serve. The five-ounce bowl comes with slices of banana, berries, and a sprinkling of granola that's useful for absorbing the last melted bits of soft-serve. In the relentless sun of suburban Tempe, it has the magic taste of feeling about five years younger, deeply wise and earnest (if not actually in touch with the spirit of yoga masters), and in need of flowing garments with fringes.

When not a free offering, these are ungodly expensive. They're probably also little calorie bombs on the same scale as froyo.

If I were at this shopping center again, I'd have another on my own dime because Tempe is, for me, a vast beige suburban wasteland of dehydration that I need Calories of Refreshing Happiness to endure, and these calories are extremely refreshing and happy. If it were where I change buses on the way home from work, though, it wouldn't be a habitual stop.",3.0
"This is a solid place. The music was a little too loud when I was there last, but this is a good place to meet with friends and have a nice drink. Low key, especially for Scottsdale, down to earth place.
I didn't partake of the food, but the cider I had was exactly what I needed.
The place is located right near Ray's Pizza too, so that's never a bad thing.",4.0
"Family-owned, high quality done right.  Every meal will fill you up, every meal will be perfectly cooked and presented. Ive been coming here for a couple of years from when it was newer. The atmosphere is clean and well-kept. Meat is seasoned, juicy and perfectly tender. Vegetables are tender and prepared to maintain nutritional value. Perfect for post workout recovery or just stuffing your face...",5.0
"Very cute interior and exterior design, I like the concept of a mansion come restaurant. It was quite empty Sunday for brunch but hey that makes for a very attentive server so no complaints.

The good
-Awesome food! Seriously exceeded my expectations, the chef can cook alright!
- Huge portions...yummy!!
- Impressive brunch menu, more impressive than designated breakfast spots (ie. Cora's)and comes with a fruit salad.
-Great prices!

The bad
- Service could be better, waitress was less and less attentive and engaged in a conversation with friends at the bar.
- Could use some updating to make space more esthetically pleasing and spruce up a bit.

Overall I will definitely be back, amazing food and I'd love to try the lunch and dinner menu. This may become my go to brunch spot in markham!",5.0
"Anna is incredible. I am so happy I chose to have her as my dog walker. She sends daily reports and pictures which, to someone who works all day and misses their puppy like crazy, is a god send. She frequently takes my dog for longer walks than planned and sometimes takes her to the beach for an extra long walk at no extra charge. 
Anna is very sweet and loves my dog. She also spends time training her which is helpful while I'm working. 
She stayed over at my house one weekend while I was away and looked after my pooch which was actually very reasonably priced considering the extra attention my puppy got. 
On top of all of this, she runs her dog walking business very well. I appreciate the invoices she creates and how well organized she is. 
Overall she is the perfect choice for anyone looking for someone to love and care for their little furry ones while you are away.",5.0
"Can't give half a star!!! This place is ALWAYS so RUDE!! Couldn't put in my order before being cut off!! Or the employee asking if I was done yet?!? I don't know why I ever give this place the benefit of the doubt, it never changes",1.0
Great customer service the food is great here food is served enough for 2 chicken and waffle s.  Erin was the best always with a big smile Thanks Erin,5.0
Always good always more food than a person can eat. But that doesn't mean I won't try. My favorite is the chicken and waffles.,4.0
"My oldest  review yet.  
Never had a bad experience here.  Everything was always perfect!.  My Favorite breakfast/ brunch place in all of LV, NV.
Miss the skillets & rosemary.

(2005-2006) lol",5.0
"I was pretty disappointed by this place.

All the rave reviews, all the media coverage, it just didn't live up to the hype for me.

The portions are HUGE, but it is also on the pricey side.  The presentation is great, but those alone didn't do it for me and actually worked against it. 

The huge portions are overwhelming and you really don't want to eat more.  I had the fried chicken benedict.  It was ok, but nothing to write home about.  The chicken was good, but the rest (aside from the bacon), really didn't work well for me.  I didn't like the chipotle cream sauce they used either, country gravy would have been awesome.

In sum, it's good to try, but I really wouldn't go back.",3.0
Meagan was awesome.Went out of her way to have cook make sone pepper steak soup even when it wasn't available.brought food out in a timely manner.was quick to get refills and clear dirty dishes off the table.excellent service!,5.0
"I'm not a huge fan of dry-rub chicken wings, but their Louisiana rub is to die for. It has the perfect amount of heat and flavor!
Other than that, all their wings are made fresh and come out hot right away.

The only thing is, I wish their Garlic Parmesan was better. They really don't do justice to my favorite flavor. Their Garlic Parmesan is just regular wings with a slight taste of garlic and covered in shredded Parmesan that you could probably buy at the Wal-mart next door.

Wingstop, Imma let you finish, but B-dubs got the best garlic parmesan sauce ever.

Other than that though, this place is great for lunch and I love coming here when I'm on the way home. Definitely recommend Louisiana rub over any other flavor.",4.0
"Where do I start? Well... My friends and I waited for 20 minutes before we had to go back to the hostess stand to ask if we actually had a server to which she responded ""yeah (insert servers name here) is your server, did you want me to get her for you."" 
""That would be great"" 
Eventually we ordered our drinks, a few friends ordered food. Our empty glasses and dirty plates sat on our table all night. We decided to endure the 7 minute wait at the (very quiet) bar to get refills on our drinks because it was better than waiting on our server. My friend and I actually left our table, went to joeys next door, ordered a drink and sat at their beautiful bar- while our friends waited for the server to return to our table. The tables that surrounded us in the bar area were filthy with empty glasses and dirty plates an hour after the guests left the establishment. 
I strongly believe the finger of blame should not be pointed at the server (which is why I didn't mention her name, or the manager (who looked overwhelmed and didn't appear to be very helpful with the pile of glassware at the bar, or surrounding filthy tables) 
I believe this is a head office issue. I would suggest hiring a training team to assist with your employees and helping them understand the steps of service. I am not one to publicly review a restaurant online- but I was left with no choice as their is no email address on their website or even a place to make a complaint.",1.0
"The best attorney in town.  People work in the office are very nice and professional.  This is the place to go if you have any issues with traffic tickets.  Last ticket I paid $50 for them to take care the speeding and no proof of insurance, they told me to call back in 4/10, which I did and they said judge had moved the court date to 4/20 and asked me to call back 4/22.  I called on 4/22 and they told me judge had discharged the ticket.  What a pleasant surprise, I am very please with the service and would recommend anyone to contact them.",5.0
"I have loved WIldlfower for many years and was a frequent costumer. However i went yesterday and ordered my usual of a toasted asiago bagel with cream cheese and a side of pesto dressing and the toast that comes with it. The girl i ordered from was very rude and after i had ordered one of the cooks came out and after i had sat down my friend over heard the cook talking trash about me ordering a side and that from now on people cant order a side?? Then when my food finally came out they brought me an everything bagel not toasted and the wrong bread for the pesto sauce. I was just disappointed by these two workers. If this was my first visit i wouldve gave a 2 stars, but i know usually wildflower is on top of their stuff.",3.0
"I've been to many Chiropractors.  Dr. Sim is wonderful.  He is very thorough.  He takes his time to explain what is wrong and gives a treatment plan as well as things to do at home to enhance the treatment.  He has a great sense of humor, is very personable and has a nice calm demeanor.  I highly recommend him.  My mom, who is 70, also went and had her initial consultation and treatment with Dr. Sim and really likes him.  We are both looking forward to our next adjustment.",5.0
I go to Vegas a few times a year. I've stayed at Mandalay bay and had good experiences so I was excited to try the Delano. We booked the two queen suite and were excited because we don't usually do suites. We arrived at the Delano around 11 pm already frustrated from awful traffic from Orange County only to be told that they over booked and we didn't have a room. It totally ruined our night. They ended up putting us in a regular room at the Mandalay bay which was nice but we booked and paid for a suite. It was a huge disappointment. I won't book here again.,1.0
Great place to dine with friends and the interior design is very hip and fun! The Sulungtang and bibimbap were both so good! Servers were friendly and fast.,5.0
"Ssssspicy, haha. But I like it. 

I was introduced to this restaurant by an old friend and I have been loving it ever since. They share the same parking lot with Oyshi and a few other recognizable places so parking can be a little eh. Be vicious! jk.

They have a very chill ambiance here (hope you like k-pop) and it's exactly the type of place you feel comfortable just chatting it up with friends over a delicious meal. I also love the white lights, korean manga in the booths, and ""play area"" here. You will be thankful for the tea that they serve in tin bowls instead of water if you want to eat spicy. However, just ask and they can bring you out some water.

So far, I have tried:

Kimchi Fried Rice: STOP READING AND JUST ORDER IT (jk, but it's really that good)

Fried Dumplings: Just crispy enough for some crunch on the outside, but be cautious about the inside because contents might still be hot. Definitely use the sauce that accompanies it. Yum.

Dduk Bok E with Ramen Noodles: OH GOSH IT'S SO GOOD! And so darn spicy! Haha, but I just can't get enough of it. It's a korean casserole with ramen noodles and seafood as well as some veggies. This one is definitely for sharing. 

Dolsot Bibimbap: This is something that I order to help give my mouth a break from all of the spicy foods and it is definitely delicious. White rice to be mixed with cucumbers, bean sprouts, carrots, mushrooms, and seaweed in a warm pot. 

Soon Dubu Jjigae: This is a Spicy Tofu Soup and it was alright. Not the best I have had, but not the worst either.

Ramen: About $9 for a bowl of delicious ramen. My brother ordered this once and I wanted to steal it from him!

The only mildly ""bad"" experience I have had here was when one of the waiters had forgotten to put in our orders twice, but he was so apologetic that we couldn't even hold it against him :) the servers here are very sweet.

I'm definitely a fan and love bringing my friends here with me! Do yourself a favor and try them out.",5.0
"My friend got us comped tickets and a comped sweet here while we were attending the Billboard music awards upon our arrival it was hard to get checked in at the front gate because it's a private hotel and there are three different buildings but we found it and to my surprise an hour after checking there was a door knock on my door
And there was a bellman with a complementary fruit cheese and chocolate basket
We were also given a bottle of wine
I don't think that everybody gets the special treatment but we absolutely loved our stay here
It was for girls into rooms and we loved getting ready here
The view was amazing
I'm not sure how we got to the award ceremony
Because I hate dealing with the MGM
But the hotel itself is nice there is no casino or restaurants to hang out in but it is a nice place to sleep
Rooms are very modern and the bathrooms are absolutely beautiful
We had two suites
I only stayed there one time",5.0
"Have stayed here many times for our annual company convention and never had a problem until this year. I don't know if management changed or what but wow the service sucks now!! Everything from trying to call from room phone was an automatic 5 + minute hold, Shower drain clogged, called at 9pm for extra pillows blankets and was told would take 2 hours! Ridiculous! Called back 10 minutes later and was told it'd be right up. Ok?? Ugh. Had some room service, put dirty dishes outside door, it was not picked up for 2 days!! Yuck! I'm not exaggerating!!! Oh and you can only order room service for breakfast & dinner. Never had such bad service at a fancy hotel.",2.0
The service is so fast but never like fast food always happy to please and they help me practice my Spanish by the way the arroz con canaries is as amazing as it sounds but you need a tall xx to finish it love the atmosphere,4.0
"Fried Chicken and Cornbread waffles are amazing! I can never decide on a plate because everything is so good!!! The chilaquiles, corned beef, stuffed steak... its all sooo good!!! The music is perfect and the staff is vey pleasant. The service is top notch! I would recommend you visit the Bite daily!! I wish I could, but I live in San Diego!",5.0
Very nice place. Offers an amazing selection for breakfast. I had the banana pancakes and they were to die for. They bring you this delicious warm syrup. I added eggs and bacon for $2.99. Hubby had a skillet with chicken and switch potatoes for fruit and only for $1 more. Great service,5.0
"won't be back again
At most, only the coke was good. It's the only thing that came at the right temperature",1.0
"Best ob in the Las Vegas valley! I'm a doula and work with him regularly. I've also had a baby with him. He TEULY cares about his clients and their outcomes. He respects mothers and their options, he does waterbirths, and he's all around an amazing provider and man.",5.0
"The spicy pepper jack brat was ridiculously bland, not spicy whatsoever, not cheesy. I was looking for big bold flavors but the brat fell short. The bread was delicious. Crunchy on the outside soft on the inside. The Bloody Mary that a customer posted on Yelp posted a picture with a sausage as a garnish-- mind did not :( but it was very good.  my moms salad was probably the best part. With a place that has ""brat"" in the name. I expected way better.",2.0
"Pro:  quality food, nice ambiance, good service and attitudes, decent value.  

Con: parking is brutal.   some of the beers are a little spendy.  

Pound for pound this place is tough to beat.  Better for 3-4 couples.  Simple and casual with a nice touch of uptown class.  Attentive service.  Lamb sausage and pretzels + cheese dip, really good.   Good selection of sausages.  Upbeat servers add to the positive vibe of the place.   I can see this as a viable mini chain in phx.  Right product at the right time.",4.0
"Oak Ridges Community Centre is a community centre with many different things going on. The have an Eco Centre that has many artifact items and information on the nature or the area. There are activity and program rooms for multi purposes but from what I have seen, it's mainly used for educational purposes. They have a large swimming pool area with two pools. One for children and the other for adults or the more advanced. The Oak Ridges Community Centre also has an aerobics centre, fitness centre and a gymnasium. It's a really nice community centre. One of the best that I have seen yet. 

I went there for a Volleyball tournament and probably pick up sports a couple of times. The floors are well maintained and they have relatively high ceilings which is great for certain sports. I would definitely recommend this facility as it is one of the most beautiful community centre that I have seen with a wide range of facilities to utilize. Only problem is there is not really a change room for the gymnasium. Overall a great community centre. Check it out yourself and you will agree. JimStar Out!!",4.0
"Awesome carne asada burritos, quesadillas and tacos. The quac is fresh and super tasty. The barbacoa tacos are a must especially with a bit of the owners special homemade sauces. Growing up eating this stuff, this place is definately as authentic and fresh as it gets. The owner was wonderful and very attentive. This is now my go to place for authentic quesadillas and tacos when visiting AZ. To compliment the great food and service, the price of it is great. We had a nacho supreme, guac and chips, carne asada quesadilla, carne asada quesadilla platter, carne asada burrito, 3 barbacoa tacos, and 3 horchatas for $53 and every single item blew our mind. :-)",5.0
I love sprouts! One of my favorite places to shop. Good prices on good products. I've found I can trust the brands they carry. This location is closest to my house and the employees are all very polite and helpful. They seem pretty knowledgable on products as well. The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is the neighborhood. The CVS next door is ghetto and bringing the whole plaza down. Something needs to be done about the trash flying around the lot and the homeless asking for handouts on my way in or out of the store. For now I just don't go after dark but it would be nice to see it cleaned up.,4.0
"Not a bad joint.  Chicken and Moz sticks were very good but the fish tacos were overly spicy with the Sriracha sauce.  I would stick to burgers, fries and chicken here or just beers and apps.",4.0
"I will be going back and I highly recommend it!

Amazing food (bologna sandwich and chicken and waffles was fantastic) music is sooooooo good and dessert was awesome (ice cream sandwich)

Waiting for a table is annoying but this place is worth a try!",4.0
"Simply put, this is an exceptional restaurant. I was fortunate to dine here twice during a trade show in Las Vegas. The first night was with a large group of people and the menu was Prix Fixe. Most the time you'll think that they're doing this just to get people fed and out-a-here. Not the case at all. Each course was a delight culminating with my main course - the salmon.

The next night was with 1/3 the amount of people and the menu was standard fare. Wider choice. In each case, you'll start with a fantastic mix of naan with tasty sauces. Then the crispy shrimp - awesome! The handmade meatballs are fantastic (and I wasn't a big meatball fan but at this place I am). The crab-lobster maki rolls? Delicious.

The first night I had the pacific salmon with miso glaze, mizuna, soy butter, shiitake mushroom. Simple and delightful. The second night, Jesse the waiter recommended the ribeye. Never had one so good and I've eaten at steak places in both Chicago and New York.

Lastly, the service. Top notch, world class. I was taken care of by Jesse the waiter both nights. He and his support staff handled their duties with perfection rounding out the entire positive experience.

Oh and the ambiance and atmosphere? Hip but not over the top. The kitchen is behind glass and you can watch what's going on but really it sets an atmosphere of energy and movement. The only, if ever so slightly small nitpick is that it's loud. But really, it's the energy that makes it loud as people are simply enjoying themselves. I certainly did.",5.0
"Very nice coffee shop. Everyone is super nice. Coffee is great. I got a quad soymilk mocha, cortado and avocado and egg toast. All delicious and came out promptly. Great place to work on computer when there is a table available. Looks like everyone enjoys chatting with friends and working here. Music in background is at a good volume as to not be distracting. Pleasant experience.",5.0
"Had an AMAZING time! My wife and I did the 2 Seater Mini Baja Chase. Our shuttle driver, Carmen, picked us up from our hotel promptly at the scheduled time, when we got there we were welcomed by the great staff they have, and Stephanie gave us plenty of tips on our way over to the Dune Buggys.

Our tour guide Vince was phenomenal and definitely made sure we had a good time on our Baja chase. The 30minutes was just enough, my wife didn't drive but she had a great time too! Had a good time and the service was great. I'll be back.",5.0
"We were visiting Vegas and a friend's aunt (who lives in Vegas) recommended this sushi place. I ordered a deep fried CA roll and the fried rice. My friend ordered a deep fried CA roll with cream cheese and the fried rice and my other friend ordered a regular CA roll with miso soup.

It was okay, but I've definitely have had better. I don't like when places use fake crab because they usually use way too much. That's what happened this time. The fried rice was good because they did it off of the teppenyaki tables, which is my favorite. 

The service was good, the prices were average. Though there are a lot of sushi places in Vegas, we'll probably try another sushi place next time.",3.0
"If I could give this place 10 stars I would!!!! Sushi is fresh, large portions, price is fair and service is great. Spicy edimame great and I have not had a single roll here I didn't like. If I had the money I'd eat here everyday!!!!!!!",5.0
"This is one of our favorite restaurants.  We hadn't been here for about 4 or 5 months, but I'm happy to say it is still wonderful.  The lamb curry spring rolls (on special) were superb; the rack of lamb was delicious, and the squid ink pasta dish was delightful.  We also had a mixed green salad and a soup - both great.  We don't usually go for dessert, but this time we split a cappuccino (perfect!) and a peach/peanut butter tart, which was pretty unique.  Our waitress was wonderful - sweet, informative, and the right amount of attentive (she recommended the spring rolls & we were glad!).  I especially liked how each dish was served separately with time in between the courses.  I was also happy to find a truly nice and affordable red wine blend on the menu.  This time we sat indoors (so hot out there right now), and that was perfectly lovely, too.  Great experience!",5.0
"House of Tricks is great! Besides the cool look and feel of the place ( I have always been happily seated outside), the combination of flavors and ingredients is very different than what I normally experience. I highly recommend this place especially sitting outside inthe courtyard.",4.0
"Usually love coming here, but the hostesses and staff are extremely rude when it gets busy. Customer service shouldn't decrease with more people",2.0
We had the cauliflower fritter and margarita pizza. The fritters were amazing!!!! But the pizza was a huge disappointment. I would only come back for the fritter,3.0
"My co-workers compromised with me and decided to take me here on my birthday recently. One of them hates Thai food and doesn't like to get nuts with anything ""exotic"". This time they made an exception. 

I've been to Pinkow (which is very close) many times and was always very satisfied with everything. However, many people people told me to ""try Archi's, try Archi's"" so I did since it was close to where we worked. It gets insanely busy at lunchtime, so I'd go at around 11:30am for lunch or an off time for dinner. When I walked into Archi's it was a little too nice and lacked the great questionable dump factor that I really enjoy of the great Thai places I've been to in Las Vegas (Pinkow now being an exception with it's newer locations). As always, I searched the menu for ""Spicy Mint Chicken"", but only found ""Spicy Basil Chicken"". This raised an eyebrow for me since every Thai restaurant I've ever been to has had the mint version of this dish. Anyway, I ordered it. They probably could have made the mint version, but I wanted to see their take on it.

I got the lunch special which comes with soup, a wonton and an egg roll. I have to say they really do give you a lot of food for the price. I always ask for a ""10"" in spiciness and they did a pretty good job of obliging. It's never really a 10 though. 

Overall, the food was pretty good, but they put big chunks of cucumber in the chicken which I've never seen before and that was kind of a turn off. I had to segregate the cucumber from the chicken like a little kid since there was a strangely abundant amount of it. 

My co-worker, who doesn't really vary from Americana, got the sweet and sour chicken. It looked and, by his report, tasted like dog food. I guess that what you get when order Chinese food from a Thai place. All in all, Archi's is good. It's just not my preference. It just could have been a little dirtier.",3.0
"I went to Portland's to start out Arizona Restaurant week and enjoyed a terrific experience. The food was very good, the service outstanding, and live music is always a plus.
The diver scallops were perfectly cooked, the asparagus was very nice, and the caramel sundae was a great finish. 
With the live music, my party stayed and enjoyed a glass of wine in the bar.
I look forward to returning soon.",4.0
Love this place.   Great garlic fries and they are super fresh.  Pulled pork is awesome and the rueben is very tasty.  Some of the liquor prices are a little high but great atmosphere.,4.0
"The managers here are amazing! We had a situation arise, and they took care of it and not only did they take care of it they made sure that we were satisfied. I truly enjoyed coming this week to meet us and enjoy the customer service it is here. We will definitely be coming back",5.0
"My go to place for jerk chicken. This place by far has the largest portion size to dollar ratio - $8 (including tax) will get you close to half a chicken's worth of delicious, fall-off-the-bone jerk chicken on a bed of rice and steamed vegetables. Whenever I open up the styrofoam box, my friends all ask me where I got my meal from, because it's just that good! They even have a $5 lunch special that might just do the trick for you (but not for me, cuz I eat too much )

There's a reason why there's almost always a line up outside, but it moves fairly quickly, making it a great alternative to Seven Lives just down the street if you don't want to wait forever. They're also open rain or shine, hail or sleet, blizzard or hurricane - you can often see them standing next to the grill outdoors in the dead of winter. 

I haven't tried their other menu items, but I'm confident that they're just as delicious!",5.0
"Bad service today - 5/22/17, 6:30 am
One server handling at least 7 groups/tables. My French toast was served cold. It had been ready, I saw it coming out from the window when it was done from the kitchen, but it sat there for a good 15 minutes before it was served. The coffee was not fresh, too. Disappointing today... :(",1.0
"The mark of a good restaurant is not necessarily its size but the quality of food.  The food was below par and overpriced.  My boyfriend ordered the Sirloin Steak rare, it was overcooked, inedible.   Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.",1.0
"Not sure why everyone's complaining. You pay for bus service but you're expecting limo service. I took this from Toronto to Montreal. Last I checked, buses don't defy city traffic which is the reason why the bus is late sometimes.

Anyways, the buses are clean and there's ample space. Wifi is shotty so bring something to keep you busy. My seat had no USB charging port if that matters to anyone. If you are leaving or arriving during rush hour, expect to be late. If these things matter for you, I would suggest you find an alternative but there won't be anything as cheap as Megabus to Montreal.

The bus quality is similar to GO transit buses. 

p.s. Don't be the person who sits on their phone the whole time, no one else is interested in your life story.",4.0
"Food is just so so
Ambiance is very chic and contemporary. 
People come here more for the crowd than the food.",2.0
"I really like the friendly and efficient staff at this location. Typically I've never been in line to get a table with the exception of a few times over the last two years. They always have a weekend brunch special menu with some breakfast entree and an included unlimited coffee or tea, which, for me, is a really good deal because I do spend a lot of money on coffee on weekdays.  Their breakfast items are not the best I have had, but that isn't to say it's not fair for the price and still yummy. My favourites are the corned beef hash, the egg sunset (their version of eggs benedict). The portions are usually generous, with the exception of a few times where I felt I didn't get as much food in my plate as during a prior visit.",4.0
"Establishment is very clean, great customer service and what makes it even greater is their food. This maybe one of the best Mediterranean food we've tasted. Owner is very friendly and warm!  We will be sure to come back and bring the family",5.0
"We ordered dinner to be delivered to our house. The delivery was fast. We had a mix up with the combo due to an error on our part. The owner called us personally to explain why we didn't get fries with our gyro. He was very nice, personable and understanding. This is a man who cares about his business. 

I only gave it 3 stars because the food itself was just ok. I ordered a shawarma salad and added chicken. It came in a clear container with a ""Best Buy"" date sticker and a label stating what kind of salad and a price tag so I know this was not made to order. I work in a hospital so it reminded me of the cafeteria there. Baba gnoush was packaged the same as well although that was absolutely delicious. The chicken on the salad was so hard. It was like the outer part of a store bought rotisserie kind that had been shredded off and left to sit for days in the frig. I took it all off and gave it to the dog. He was happy. The dressing and salad itself was good though. 

I think if he presented his food in a more fresh way his business could thrive. Cafeteria style is not attractive. Especially since we paid $33 for a gyro, tea, salad and baba gnoush that was low quality. He is a good guy though. Maybe he will read this and take some pointers from an outside perspective.",3.0
"Had a very good albeit overpriced meatball pizza here. Would be cool if it was more obvious whether they did take-out or not! Don't know about the rest of the menu as only had the pizza. From what I saw it looked very good , but was overpriced",3.0
"I was so excited when I saw the sign on the street for the new candy store by my house!!!!! I had to stop by after work today... got a good collection of specialty and retro candy for a super good deal! I'll have to come back to try more fun and different candy and soda. The owners were really nice, I felt bad I came towards their closing time but they were so warm and helpful.... I didn't feel rushed at all. I wish this store the best, seems like it'll be a hit! Go check out Clay's Candy Store!!! :)",5.0
I live nearby here so it is great that they offer take out! I have tried multiple menu items and highly recommend the Korean salmon and the surf and turf. I also really like the crab crunch sushi roll it is delicious as well. The bartenders are also all super friendly and provide great service,4.0
"Tried this place for the first time a couple days ago. Now enjoying for the second time this week. Food is fresh and flavors are delicious! The miso soup is made with  green onion and ample tofu. The spicy tuna rolls are really good, they come with good ginger and I was impressed since this isn't a place specializing in sushi. Evil Jungle Princess is amazing. Kung Pow is also great. I've tried their mignon and chicken, love em both. I tried my friends flatbread and that was pretty tasty too! I've done take out and dined in. Service was spot on. Not too invasive, but very friendly and quick. Will for sure be back and recommend!",5.0
Took my car in there today.  I left with a few scratches and spots that weren't cleaned.   It's an old style drive through carwash with the spinning heavy cloth or nylon pads that hit the car so hard it shakes!   Thumbs down.   Wash it yourself and save your cars paint job,1.0
"This was the worst full service car wash I have ever been to. I wanted a hand wash (my car has very expensive rims that can't go through the automatic wash), with my interior wiped down. I told the guy ""3"" times not to put tire shine on my tires, because I live on a dirt road and it turns them orange. So he wrote this on the window. He said he would do a full interior clean ( besides the carpet cleaning) and hand wash for $69.99. I was thinking ok, that sounds alright for everything. I told the salesman I had an appointment at 3:00 pm, so that gave them about an hour and 45 minutes. ""No Problem!"" he says. So finally 5 till 3:00pm they came to give me the keys. Well I didn't pay yet ( wanted to make sure everything was ok ). I could see the water spots from 15 feet away, they put tire shine on 2 of my tires ( which now are turning a lovely color of orange ), and the dash of my Tahoe looked like they ran a dirty wet rag across it. I told the guy I wasn't going to pay nearly $70.00 for this. He was all, "" give me 5 minutes"". So I said ok. Then 5 minutes was up and they weren't anywhere close to having it done. After about 4 more ""give me 5 minutes"" I just told them I had to go, and it's not right for them to charge me full price. So they gave me a voucher for a ""V.I.P. Car Wash""  for next time I was in town. So I told the guy named Roy that I would be back in 3 weeks. He said he would make it his personal responsibility to hand wash, wax and do the interior. I returned 3 weeks later. The same sales guy was trying to tell me that there was no way a guy named Roy told me this, because the only guy named Roy that worked there was in oil and lube only, and the guy that signed the voucher transferred out. So after them trying to sell me another wash, and telling me the chip that was in my windshield was gonna spread ( even after telling them that I've had it repaired and it's been fine for 2 years) and trying to sell me a windshield. Well I guess more trying to rip off my insurance by replacing it when it wasn't needed, we finally got a manager to approve just a hand wash and vacuum. So when they get done, I went to look at it and even though it was better than the last time, my rims weren't even wiped down and they didn't vacuum. I was just disgusted, and wanted to leave. I went in to give the women my voucher and leave, she came up with a total of $15.00 extra I was suppose to pay. After waiting for the manager again they finally okay'd it. I went to get my keys, and guess who I see ""Roy"". I asked the guy that handed me my keys, what was the name of the man drying that car. He said ""Roy""! I was seeing red at that point. So I just got in my car and drove away.",1.0
"Stopped here this past weekend while I'm Las Vegas for a family outing and absolutely loved it. We split the steak, chicken, and shrimp at the teppin table and fell in love with the food and service. 

Great food, fun atmosphere, and pleasant service. Highly recommended and cannot wait till we go back.",5.0
"Best teppanyaki experience I've ever had and I've had a lot, so thats saying something! Our chef was very skilled and entertaining. The food was very good and flavorful. Musashi definitely deserves 5 star for the quality that they give you for the price! This has now become my go to spot for teppanyaki in Vegas. I can't wait to come back!",5.0
"Visited here on a Sunday evening with the family. It is located in a small plaza in Aurora. Papous Tap & Grill is a fun, casual dining experience. There is a cool bar area where its seems many locals come to watch sporting events. Mixed crowd of young and old, good for kids. The dining area is large, clean, with plenty of cool decor. Good for groups and service is pretty fast, at least the time we were there.

Menu is big, has a little something for everyone. Nachos, wings, gyros, pizza, subs & wraps and awesome burgers. My wife and I both had burgers and they were tasty. My son had corn dogs and fries and finished the plate. Next time in, we will build our own pizza. They also have healthier choices like soup, seafood, veggies for a sides or large salads. Full bar with draft beer, especially local brews. Mixed drinks and drink specials! 
The service is good. Girl waiting on us came back to the table to check on us a number of times. Type of place were you can have good food and have fun without being afraid to be a bit loud with your group. The 3 of us will be back because we all enjoyed it. Way better then any chain restaurant in the area. Give it a try!!!",4.0
"Cheap Healthy eatery!  A line is always good.  I had the lunch special but there was no stuffed grape leaves :(
Overrall--cheap and good!",4.0
nothong like it used to be .. . its now a big corporation which has changed the name and all stores alltogether . . .sad but it happens. i used to buy and resell to them since 92 but its not the same ...,2.0
"I wanted to write a review to let everyone know that Dr. Dave Smith is an amazing dentist. Before I went to him, I was always covering my smile, embarrassed how my teeth looked.  I was in my late thirties when I had my braces put on.  Dr. Smith saw my insecurities about having braces at my age and assured me that more and more adults are having braces.  It was a ""journey"" for me, but the outcome was GREAT!!! I love how my teeth looks and my smile.  I gained back the confidence that I once lost. I have recommended him to all my family and friends. Thank you Dr. Smith, you're definitely world-class!!!",5.0
"May be my new favorite spot in Charlotte.  I love supporting a local place over a chain--King's Kitchen is a non-profit, with 100% of profits going to feed Charlotte's homeless AND they employ homeless and give them job skills to be successful in the restaurant industry.  I ordered lunch and had a glass of wine while I waited.  (Washed my hands before eating and the restroom was spotless.)  The Event Coordinator, Joseph, let my friend and I both try the glass of wine we ordered before we bought it, and made wine suggestions based on what we liked, (ie: I said I liked Pinot Grigio, not too sweet, and he suggested the Pinot Gris.  My friend loved Chardonnay--Joseph said he had a Napa Chard and a French Chard, and the French was his favorite.)  Nowhere else does that.  The sandwich I got-sourdough Panini with chicken, was fantastic.  The sourdough had the right amount of butter, and had grill marks like it had been done on a real grill, as opposed to something electric.  The chicken breast was a good size, and the pimento cheese on the sandwich was so good.  The flavor and texture of the beans was fantastic--flavored with pork and not mushy like some.   Atmosphere was fantastic so I was definitely not wanting to go back to work.  Can't wait to bring people here.  I've passed this place so many times and I'm only mad I didn't try it sooner!",5.0
"I had purchased a softener from Lowe's from this company and a rep called me to schedule an appointment for install. On the day to install no one shower and when I called the company they stated that an appointment for install was never made. Their customer service was poor to rectify this situation as they expect you to be available for 4 hour blocks. I had this product in my previous house and liked it's performance, just beware of the service you receive.",1.0
"Outstanding customer service
Highly recommend Roger
Completely satisfied
Warranty work",5.0
"We were in town for Turkey weekend, which means we needed a restaurant that could hold a crowd.  We came here for dinner on Saturday night with a total of 11 of us, including 2 very well behaved children (not even being sarcastic - it's just true).  We had a great time, and the restaurant itself was lovely!  It's very bright and even though it's loud, it's not deafening.  Everything everyone had was really good.  My hubby and I shared a wedge salad, but there were also a couple of Caesar salads and chopped salads at the table along with the soup of the day.  Our salad was super crisp and really good!  The Caesar salad was also delicious from the bite I tried!  For mains, I had the linguine carbonara and my hubs had the prosciutto pizza, and we split the two.  Both were really good!  The carbonara was a little creamier than I usually like, but it was seriously still so good!  For dessert I shared the brownie with my nephew.  FYI for anyone on a diet, you should always share dessert with a 6 year growing boy!  I seriously only got a couple bites in before he had ate it all, but it was also really good from what I tasted!  
I would definitely come back here again next time I'm in town.",5.0
"Great place!  Very comfortable bed, perfect amenities for a quick business trip.  I got in late, was able to eat dinner, use free wifi and get a good nights rest in a very nice bed.  I then woke up, did a quick workout in the gym, continued working, used the business center to print everything out, and helped myself to a very good breakfast and coffee before hitting the road.  

It was EXACTLY what I needed, priced very reasonably.",4.0
"I may be in the minority here, but I really like this airport. I've never had a bad experience here, ever. I've flown into so many airports in the U.S., and this one sticks out in my mind as one of the better ones in terms of service. 

I come here fairly regularly because it's the closest airport to my dad's house. It's pretty far from glamorous. Hey, it's Cleveland, well, just barely in Cleveland, but I guess it still counts. They try to make it cool with sculptures and art. I don't really care what airports look like to be honest. 

The TSA here rocks. You read that right. I seriously appreciate them. I go through the pre-screening with my son every time, and they make it as easy and painless as possible. They have been well trained. I was told I could call ahead and tell them I was traveling with someone who needed special assistance and they would take care of me, no waiting in line! This is a fantastic service in my opinion. It's not available at every airport though, so you need to check ahead when traveling. Some cities are pretty rude too, which is why I just love this airport, the employees here are always so nice. You can tell that they've been trained well, it shows. The management here that I've dealt with far exceeds the one in my hometown airport, hence the 5 stars.",5.0
"6:30 - Wow, what a cozy little place, I'm so excited to eat here, everything on the menu sounds absolutely delicious.  Chef Decorte came around and welcomed us, giving off a wonderfully warm aura. This place is definitely super friendly, me likes.

6:50 - Oh emm gee, the amuse was appetite whetting and an annoying tease. I'm absolutely starved and craving more.

7:00 - Pre-apps arrive and I'm ecstatic. Delicious croquettes, rich foie gras torchon, silky smooth chacuterie, deeply flavouful terrines, accompanied with some of the most amazing bread I've ever eaten. Getting my wine glassed re-filled and I'm feeling all warm and fuzzy.

7:27 - Sharing four dishes as our real apps, fish soup, steak tartare with fingerling potatoes, deliciously creamy and garlicy escargot, more croquettes. Second bottle of wine ordered and opened.

7:45 - Happily waiting for mains, good conversation, good people, all smiles.

8:00 - Still waiting...  Haven't seen our waitress in a while, getting a bit drunk at this point. 

8:21 - Our food finally arrives and... hey! it's extremely disappointing.  The duck marget was imo inedible as it had an extremely bitter flavor akin to cough medicine, the cassoulet was flavorless - beans completely undercooked and difficult to eat served with chewy, unappealing duck.  The duo of beef was decent, but really under seasoned but at this point I had lost my appetite and enthusiasm to continue.

8:37 - We're informed that we need to leave as the second seating is about to begin.  No time of coffee or dessert, get out, you took too long waiting for your food.

9:00 - We take refuge at Splendido for our desserts and aperitifs (and more chacuterie)

What started off as a fantastic dining experience quickly soured and turned into a punchline for the rest of the night.  What a shame because Ici Bistro went from being completely awesome to total disappointment within a 30 minute time span.  Maybe we were just unlucky.. oh well.",2.0
"Such a special place...
A wonderful contemporary hotel that maintains the continuity of its mid century modern esthetics. 
Great historical story that is palpable in every nook and cranny of the architecture. 
The grounds are meticulously manicured.  
The decor and finishes Dwell worthy. 
Amenities that challenge any chain hotel; most of which are complimentary. 
And a staff that mirrors the above!
Hotel Valley Ho is hands down one of my favorite hotels!! 
Annnnnnnd it's dog friendly.",5.0
"As soon as we walked in was very helpful. First Coach store I been in where there was more then enough staff to help all the customers. Someone stayed with us during the whole Time to help us pick out gifts. Family purchased 3 purses and 4 wallets during this trip. Very interesting. This one I'm a fan of great service and people were friendly. Yes the place was packed but they still took the time to say hi to everyone and ask everyone if they needed help, and help when they were asked.",3.0
"I finally decided to write a review on Sedona. 

The biggest reason why I gave this place two stars is because everything I loved on the menu is now GONE. what.

The main reason I used to love this place was for their Surf & Turf for $24.99. It was all day any day. The Surf & Turf consisted of a New York Strip Steak and a Lobster Tail. It was a great deal and as of a few months ago they took that off the menu. (I discovered this the last time I was there, sometime in the late summer.) So I ended up ordering just a steak and decided to try the Foie Gras Fries ($17.99) and loved it. 

So, this past weekend I went for a going away party and was excited to get the Foie Gras Fries again as something to snack on. BUT they no longer have it. **SUPER SAD FACE**

I decided to try the Proscuitto Salad and have some calamari instead. 

In short, food is still ok but most of my favorites on the menu are gone. And, I do want to mention that it takes forever for food to come out.",2.0
"To Sedona's Credit,  the GM contacted me via e-mail to rectify the situation.  I promptly responded, but have not heard from her since.  I assured her I would try this establishment another time and update the review based on that visit.

I sincerely hope the email was not just to get a ratings boost.  Time will tell...




This really pains me, but I can't give Sedona more than 1 star!  I see a lot of other decent reviews, but that simply wasn't my experience here.  

After driving by no less than 100 times, I finally decided to take advantage of the $19.99 Steak and Lobster special.  This is my weakness and I had previously never met a Lobster I didn't like!  

Upon entering, I was struck by a feeling of attempted class.  I say attempted because the walls are really quite bare, but the decor that they do have is not cheap.  The lighting is reduced and the furnishings are on the more upscale side, but something just doesn't feel right.  I walk up to the bar, primarily because it is wide open, take a seat and prepare to ask for a menu and begin the ""what Vodka do you have"" game.  I am immediately greeted by a bartender in a classy (from the front) black dress and told ""If you aren't gambling, you can't sit there"".  Now, call me crazy, but I am more accustomed to ""Hi, how are you today?"" or... God forbid from a place ATTEMPTING class ""Good evening, Sir.  What can I get you?"".  My expectations were obviously high... after all, this IS the place with the discount steak and lobster.  Being no stranger to a video poker machine, the only civil response I could muster was a curt smile as I inserted money into the machine and ordered my drink.  As the bartender turns away, I notice that the once ""classy"" dress is has an open back and she has a freaking mural tattooed on her back.  Nothing against tattoo's, but this is a FAIL!

After about 20 minutes and setting off half a dozen flares to get the bartenders attention, I ordered my food.  In the interests of time and YOUR boredom, I will skip to the point and say that most of the 25-30 minutes that I was waiting for my food, most all of the staff (I think even the cook - he certainly wasn't a 'chef') were gathered around the service area discussing their weekends.  Another FAIL on the class front.

Food is here-  A firm believer that there is no other way to eat a steak than medium-rare, my cow is cooked to baseball mitt levels.  The seasoning was non-existent and the presentation was sloppy (sorry, didn't think to take pictures at the time as I was busy downing TUMS). The lobster was rubbery, obviously over-cooked.  By far the most edible item on my plate were the veggies, as I had to send the potatoe back for another microwave session.

I will not be back here, which is really disappointing because I keep getting text messages and email offers from the apparently mandatory players club card I signed up for (skipped that part, but it was entertaining).   Sorry Sedona!",2.0
"You know how whenever people eat food on TV, they seem to overreact about how delicious the food is? They moan and groan and smile and close their eyes while savoring the food. I always thought it was just for TV, but Lago managed to evoke those emotions out of me. Wow.

I went with three friends during CES weekend right when it opened for the day. While they set up our table, we waited near the front of the restaurant in this lounge-ish area; that was pretty cool and hip. The restaurant decor was very clean and modern. Each table has a simple metal vase of fresh flowers; I thought it was a nice touch. Tables have a marble finish, so they're great for the instagram background LOL! They definitely put a lot of attention to detail in the presentation of the place; when we refreshed our plates, the server made sure all the logos on the plates faced you instead of randomly placing the plate onto our table. And since I went for lunch, there was plenty of light streaming through the windows facing the fountains. 

For drinks, we got the ""mojito passione"" and ""rose and rye"". Presentation was SO ON POINT. The mint leaves of the mojito were even gold dusted! My friend and I did think that the drinks were pretty strong, The server did mention ""rose and rye"" was his favorite.

For food, we decided to go with the tasting menu. The food is tapas style, and they had a lot of options, so I'm glad we had the chef do all the menu picking for us. They ask if there are any allergies to be aware of. And then you just sit back and wait for the best food journey of your life. 

They bring out two dishes at a time. NOTABLES WERE: the bistecca (as part of the surf and turf), lobster gnocchi, and the burrata dish. That sauce for the steak was SO BOMB. After my first bite of meat, I had the biggest grin on my face. And even as I'm writing this review, the memory of it is bringing a smile to my face. The lobster gnocchi sauce tasted very similar to lobster bisque, and we all loved it! The biggest letdown was the pasta dish with truffle; it was just okay. The other dishes were a blur, so good thing I took pictures of them! haha

Our subtotal came out to be 406 for 4 people. We ordered two drinks and a dessert in addition to the tasting menu. Our server was great, and they even refreshed our plates halfway through the meal.

TL;DR This is undoubtedly a pricey place.  But for the food, the ambiance, the view, the service--and let's be real, we're on the strip in Bellagio, it's worth it.",5.0
Kind of a dive but way good food. Go here for something off the beaten path. You won't regret it.,5.0
"Went to SW Steakhouse last night. Sat right next to water. Lovely scenery, but I personally thought the ""show""on the lake was a little underwhelming. I would rather have just listened to some nice soft/classical music, myself. The service was good...especially from the host who took GREAT care of us despite our late arrival time. The food was just OK for me. Husband had chili-rubbed ribeye & I had the butter poached lobsters. For sides: potatoes au gratin, creamed corn & sauted mushrooms.  We also shared the crab cake appetizer. Everything was just ""pretty good"". Nothing ""WOW""'d me...and I REALLY wanted it to. I think, honestly, it's because we went to Wolfgang Puck's CUT Las Vegas a while back. It's a little more expensive but so wonderful...especially if you're celebrating a special occasion.  Spend a little more & go to CUT.... You'll thank me later!  ...And NO, Wolfgang Puck didn't pay me for this review, lol. I'm just being completely honest!!",3.0
"i ate here on 10-25-14 around 6 pm.  i made reservations for 1 only a couple hours before.

when i arrived i was wearing a suit due to a previous business meeting.  as i was being seated i was slightly overdressed compared to other guests.  lol.  the service was impressive.  i'm not sure if i had great service because i ate early in the evening.  but i had 4 different staff meet my needs.

holy ambiance batman!  the interior of the restaurant was pretty dang nice!  not sure how one is able to sit outside.  i didn't bother and took a table inside the restaurant facing the water/light show.

the bread basket was freaking amazing!  best free bread i've ever had!  my caesar salad was good.  my taste buds do say the salad was a little over priced.  for dinner i ordered a 20 ounce bone-in ribeye and a side of mac & cheese.  The ribeye was great.  It was no different than any other $60 prime ribeye.  the steak was not caked in butter and seasoning.  it was quite tender and had good marbling and very juicy.  the mac & cheese was a huge portion and very good.  for dessert i have no idea what i ordered but it tasted good.

dinner for 1 adult before tip was $115.  i would definitely go back!!",5.0
"Ah, Custard's.  This was a staple in my childhood.  I remember going here for lunch on the last day of school every year with my friends.  In the summer, we'd stop for ice cream after a long day of swimming at Avonworth pool.  I had forgotten about Custard's until I had to drive past every day on my way to work.  It's still delicious, and the prices are amazing!  It's so inexpensive.

I don't think there is any bad ice cream here.  Some personal favorites include the hot fudge sundae and the ice cream of the week flavors.  The orange cream was one of my favorites for forever, and they used to do an amazing coffee ice cream too.  A small is less than $2.  What more could you want in life?

The actual food is really good as well.  I LOVE their footlong hot dogs with saurekraut or chili!  The also have amazing Italian subs!  I'm actually not sure if I like the food or the ice cream better.  It's standard American fare, but it's good stuff.  Again, the prices are amazing!

The parking lot can get a little packed, but this is an old school ice cream stand.  It's only open in the summers so we still have a while to wait to enjoy it's deliciousness!",4.0
"This was my first year going! I had a great time, terrific music, great variety of food, and the wines were awesome! I'm definitely going back next year.",5.0
"For some reason I thought that I've already wrote a review for this place because I've been going here for years! I literally stumbled into this place by accident. We were actually looking for an Italian restaurant, and close by was more of a pizza place, not so much pasta. 

Tonkatsu Kiyoshi is definitely a hidden gem. It is next to the Euphoria Wellness dispensary. It is a small family owned restaurant. They have bar style seating along with normal restaurant seating. They have a specials board and a normal menu. Their menu ranges from $5-$18. 

They literally have the best katsu in Las Vegas that I've tried so far. Depending on how I am feeling I either get the Chicken katsu or one of the tonkatsu. It's a hefty serving! It comes with rice and salad. The salad is just shredded cabbage but whatever the dressing is made out of is the best! It pairs well with the katsu! You also get a side of miso soup and a little pickled shallots. Everything is so good. You also get to make your sauce with the tonkatsu sauce and crushed sesame seeds. 

The tonkatsu donburi is my second favorite. When I order food to go or for pick up, I always get the donburi mostly because if I ordered the normal katsu, it might get soggy. The Donburi is really good! It also comes with the miso soup. Make sure you try it out! 

The melon soda float makes for a drink/dessert. Just saying!

Oh and the service is great!!!",5.0
"My friends and I were looking or a place to chill and have a few drinks and we came across Ri Ra Irish Pub in Mandalay Place and figured to give it a shot. None of us have been to an Irish pub so I we were excited to find out what they have to offer.

The hostess asked if we preferred to sit close to the live band but she not-so-subtly implied that we may want to sit in a booth further away because it gets pretty loud. We took her advice and sat in a booth in a room where we could still hear the music but still hear each other.

Cha-ching! First thing we noticed was that they have happy hour all day everyday for the entire month of March. A pint of Black and Tan or Half and Half is only $4. The boys took advantage of the happy hour and the girls ordered cocktails which were at a regular Strip bar price of $13.

We ordered the chicken wings which were pretty decent and the fish and chips. We were surprised by how good the fish and chips tasted.  The fish was cooked to perfection and the batter was light and not greasy at all. The chips were well seasoned. The regular size was $13.95 and the large is $18.95. We just got the regular and it was filling for two people. 

To end our meal, we asked the waitress for Irish coffee and she asked, ""Do you want real Irish coffee?"" to which we agreed even though we didn't know the difference. Little did we know that real Irish coffee comes with a good amount of whiskey! It was good for the first few sips but got a little too strong for our amateur taste buds. One Irish coffee costs $8.

All in all, our first Irish pub experience was memorable. Service was really good; they checked on us regularly and kept our table clear of extra glasses and plates. I would definitely go again just for the fish and chips and to take advantage of their March happy hour special.",4.0
"Neat place, supposedly the structure was shipped from Ireland. We came in for an appetizer but ended up staying for dinner.

Had the scotch egg for an appetizer and it was unlike any scotch egg we had ever had. They split it open and filled it with deliver egg creaminess. It tasted like deep fried Easter morning. 

We also split the dubliner which is a lamb burger with rosemary, carmelized onions and some kind of creamy deliciousness. 

The Brussels sprout and bacon were fine but needed something. We added a bunch of salt because they were prepared with none. 

The warm bread for the table looked delicious, however, we were not given any. 

The waiter was nice enough but not particularly attentive.",3.0
"Yum!    The food and service is excellent!  Best meal we had at Mandalay Bay and Delano hands down!   I think what made it a 5 star, was the excellent service.   The wait staff was personable and engaging.  You don't find that much in Las Vegas.      

I also felt like I was in Ireland.  The color scheme of the pub was perfection.  Definitely happy.",5.0
"I had the reuben sandwich.  It was terrible.  Incredibly dry.  I could not chew it enough times.  After gnawing my way through half the sandwich, I gave up.  Not only was it drier than the Nevada desert, I thought it tasted a bit weird.  I smelled the 1000 Island dressing on the other half of the sandwich and it smelled as if it were beginning to turn.  I had the sweet potato tots as a side.  They were soggy and tasted of bad fryer oil. 

My friend had a cup of soup that tasted like nothing but salt.  Disgusting.  

This place was terrible.  The bartender was friendly enough, but how he can sling this garbage food with confidence, telling you it's delicious, I have no idea!

The only thing that was palatable was the Jameson-neat!",1.0
1 month after my accident.. New look assured me the parts were on order.. Truthfully they lied.. They up dated my cars status every 3 days with the same photo.. Waiting for parts.. After 1 month come to find out this collision center wasn't even certified  to do the repairs.. I would not recommend this poor excuse for a auto body shop/collision center..,1.0
This was such a disappointing  experience if there was less than one star I'd give it. The Stella was warm. I was so looking forward to a quick cold one prior to my flight. Before they pit there name on somthing maybe check  the qualify of the beer thats been served,1.0
"I called for a oil change today and they fit me in within a half hour.  That was very convenient for me, Because I was driving back home to Milton from Toronto.   They treated me well as I waited by asking me if I wanted coffee and advising me that they have WiFi within the dealership.  The lady at the service counter was polite and friendly.   I advised her that this is my 4th leased Honda Civic from them and that I always get a 1st oil change "" free"".  She looked into it and could not find written confirmation, she had a manager named Christine pull the contract and still could not find confirmation, with no arguing at all,  another manager waved the $70.00 Oil change.  Made me feel great and THIS IS EXACTLY WHY  I come back to this dealership.  I was treated like a adult and explained what was going on as my situation moved from service desk to manager and to another manager.  They also washed my car.  Very good work today ""dealership team"".",5.0
"Since mgmt too over this place has deteriorated in zero customer service & terrible quality food! 

Avoid this location at all costs unless you want all night bathroom visits! My daughter & I ate there & was sick all night! Contacted mgmt & zero response! Maybe they are too busy sponsoring the leafs because customer service isn't as an exciting of a priority! 

Too many burger options to ever go back to Heros again! 

Try Hwy55 on Trafalgar S of QEW - awesome burgers + much better burgers at The Works in downtown Oakville, or South Street Burgers just west of this location! Or even Harpers Landing! Boycott Hero Burgers! 

One star rating only because I had to too! Zero stars is more appropriate!",1.0
"My daughter took me to Elaine's for Mother's Day, & the service was WONDERFUL! & my nails turned out great!!!",5.0
Generous portions. Decent flavors. Friendly service. Great noodles. Atmosphere barren,4.0
"I recently took the BRC class to obtain the DMV waiver and learned more than I expected. I have taken many classes over the years and I can say that James, Kate and Don are great educators. Their ability to work with varying skill and knowledge levels simultaneously is commendable and their personalities keep the classes engaging. I can honestly say, every person in my group left this class a better, and safer rider.

Both new and experienced riders should approach this class with an open mind. There is always something new to learn and the more receptive you are, the more opportunity you will benefit!

I'm looking forward to the BRC II course!",5.0
"The quintessential college-town-type dive bar with an interesting layout, a big mixed crowd, fun music and plenty of bars selling fairly crappy cheap drinks.  A little seedy, a little crowded, a little cigarette-smoky (some of it is outdoor, so they somehow get away with this yuckiness).  Four stars for being really good at exactly what it is.

This place is definitely a must on any Old Town pub crawl - however, not really recommended as hangout for a group of adults on a nice night out.",4.0
"Carnage and chaos. Always a good time. Plenty of bar sports to keep you entertained, including billards, shuffleboard, and even ping-pong, which doubles as a beer-pong table. And they have a stripper pole, good for watching people embarrass themselves (don't be that guy!).",4.0
"I can't rave enough Love to Wax more! My auntie has came to see Melissa for years and has always told us wonderful things about her experiences there! 

We are from NM and wanted to have a fabulous spa day while we are on vacation. My sister and I have always been skeptical about getting Brazilian waxes because they just sound scary and painful. This experience was beyond incredible! 

When you first walk in, you walk into the cutest atmosphere ever! It looks like a Pinterest inspired room and it is so adorable! The whole building smells like wonderful pumpkin and marshmallow and makes you feel so warm and safe. Like a beautiful fall day. 

I had my auntie go in the room with me since she's been seeing Melissa for years and it made the experience even more comfortable! 

You go into the back room and she started off with the brow waxing. I'm a talker when I'm nervous and she was able to deal with my ten billion questions and awkward conversations because of my nerves. She's so patient and kind! I have pretty wild jungle madness brows so I was nervous about getting them done since they are pretty weird brows. Melissa made my brows look absolutely amazing! She's so gentle, I didn't tear at all when she did my brows! Then we went onto the Brazilian which I was super nervous about. Melissa is very gentle and educates you through the process which was awesome! The facial was totally amazeballs. It was so relaxing and my skin has never looked better! I left feeling so informed about skin and hair which I would have known nothing about and I have a game plan on what to do for my skin when I go back home! 


Love to Wax is AMAZING and a MUST go if you are looking for a wonderful spa experience! We can't wait for our next trip!",5.0
"If there is such a thing as a waxing goddess then Melissa is it! From the moment I met her 3 years ago I have NEVER let another person do my Brazilian or eyebrow waxing. She is so gentle and makes every appointment feel like you're out with a girlfriend chatting about life! All of my friends go to her and they just rave about how amazing she is. I think what I love the most is no matter how many times I have seen her, at each appointment she asks me what I'm looking for that day which just shows how considerate she is and understanding that people may be looking for something different at each appointment. I always leave feeling amazing! If you are looking for the most gentle, caring and skilled waxing person in Vegas look no further than Love to Wax! I promise you will never look back!",5.0
"This place is a small wonder. Since I am a South Indian, I love Indian food in general both South and North Indian. Most of the Indian restaurants in Cleveland tend to serve North Indian food that is fully Americanized. There are some places where you can get some Authentic taste on certain dishes but the biggest problem at most places is, the food is darn expensive and full of MSG (Mono Sodium Glutamate). Thank god, I food this place. The food tastes so authentic and good. No MSGs. My favorites are Fish Curry, Egg Briyani, Ginger Pepper Chicken, Samosas, Puffs, Vadas, Dosas, pretty much everything. Calling out all Indians especially south Indians, this place is a small wonder. In love with this place and food. Don't miss Indian food anymore.",5.0
"I wasn't impressed.
The owner was nice enough and the place clean with good seating.

It wasn't a bad burger, just nothing special.
Burger was well presented and looked very tasty, but it just didn't get there.
Also, the fries were store bought frozen I think, but if not then tasteless enough to have been.",2.0
"This is my favorite place to take out of town guests for brunch. They have a great buffet with lunch type items, pastries, salads, tarts, scones, etc. but the table also gets an endless supply of eggs, bacon, chocolate waffles and a delicious brioche french toast. You have to wait till noon to order drinks on Sunday, so if you want to drink make sure you don't arrive till after 11:30am so you have time sit, order and then get your drink.",5.0
"This place is a gem. Bar bites and wine list are great. Have Jim, the bartender  make u something  special. He rocks....Dedicated patron. Chef Majid  kicks ass.",5.0
"I do very few Yelp reviews, but I must say something about Desert Nail Spa. I was a walk-in, so I was happy I was assisted immediately. That is when my happiness ended. The tech was okay but filed my nails down as far as you can without causing bleeding (??why??). I got a gel manicure. Toward the end, she scolded me about my nails. I am not sure why. I felt a very negative vibe there--is it because I am not a regular? Was I given a novice tech? I chose Desert Nail Spa because of the wonderful reviews. I observed the owner keeping an eye on everyone which shows me he cares how his business is going. I also observed many techs on their phones/texting. In our small business, my husband and I expect SUPREME customer service--that is what sets us apart. I want this man to succeed (looks like he is) but it might not stay that way with a tech who clearly would rather do something else. My regular salon on Shea and 93rd will get my business from this point on.",2.0
"I had a standing appointment, and I received a call the day before my recent appointment. Karen, ""bumped"" my appointment for another patron who had history of booking more appointments than me. Very unprofessional and extremely poor customer service. There are too many nail spas who wouldn't have done such a thing. I will never go back to Desert Nail Spa.",1.0
"I've had many Dim Sum experiences in many different cities across the US.  Although I've lived in Las Vegas or 5 years now, this is officially my FIRST Dim Sum experience in this city.  We came here to celebrate Chinese New Years last night, so Kung Hee Fat Chow.  Or Gung Hee Fat Chow, depending on your dialect.  

The outside of the building transport you to an authentic city in China.  Chinese lettering and a huge sign that read, ""Dim Sum all day"" really brought us in.  The carpet is definitely outdated, older tables as well.  Adding yellow lining lights on the ceiling and you're now transported to 1960's China.  Definitely needs a revitalization.  The staff is cordial.  Definitely not as pushy to sell you more Dim Sum as I've experienced in other cities.  They also explain the dishes thoroughly in English so you know what you're getting.  Here's what we got:

Chow Mein - probably like 4 plates altogether.  A little oily but so good.  Small crispy noodles with grilled onions.  

Fried Shrimp Puff - Got 3 plates of this in all.  Crispy gyoza like dumplings filled with shrimp.  Super yummy!  Served with a dollop of mayonnaise.    

Juicy Pork Dumpling - Watch out!  The juicy liquid is hot so don't just stick it in your mouth so quickly!  Perfectly steamed.

Steamed Pork Shiu Mai - Reminds me of pork hash from back home in Hawaii.  LOVE.

Shrimp Shiu Mai -  Exactly like the pork, just with shrimp.  Still love.

Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper - They actually shaped the paste into a ball and placed it on top of a big square of steamed bell pepper. The pepper was a little odd.

Pork and Chive Shiu Mai - SUPER OILY.  I had to wipe it down with my napkin.

All in all, a little too oily.  My hands were constantly oily all night.  Not the best experience, I've had better dim sum.  Don't take my word for it.  Please come by and see if you feel the same!",3.0
"Dim Sum all day is a great feature. Very flavorful, very warm. I have no complaints about it. 

However, I ate dinner here and the food wasn't great. Everything was extremely flavorless. I don't know if it was intended like that so the customer could add seasonings to their liking, but the soup we got tasted pretty much like water. There was also a fried tofu dish that was pretty much tasteless, although the texture of it was nice.

Service is good. Waitress was friendly and accommodating for anything we needed. 

I would come here again, but for dim sum only.",3.0
"I actually would like to give them 0 out of 5 stars, but since that's not an option....

I was bored from the get-go.  I was in Vegas with three guys - I wanted to do a Cirque show, they wanted to do a burlesque show.  Since I'm not uptight and don't mind watching boobies, I said okay.  It was actually really hard for me to not get up and walk out and I was really hoping something awesome would happen at some point, but it never did.  When we walked out, all three guys told me they were sorry!

The only positive to this came from leaving and running into the open faced poker tables (Fridays and Saturdays) on the way out.  Next time I'm in Vegas I'll return to The Riviera for those tables.",1.0
Absolutely the best place we had to eat in a long time. Highly recommended! Very picky about sushi. Super fresh and tightly rolled (properly). Burgers are fantastic first burger ever I didn't put ketchup on nor did my husband...and he eats everything with ketchup. Fried pickles are the best I have ever had. We like hooters pickles these are 1000% better. Mostly because they are thicker and fried to perfection. We are just driving through tonight but will visit Charlotte again soon just for Cowfish! Oh and FYI the area is really nice.,5.0
"I'm in the service industry myself. That being said, everytime I order hot tea there the server rolls their eyes. I get that hot tea is a pain but I don't roll my eyes when someone asks me for loose leaf tea at my restaurant because it's my job. I'm a huge tea person, so this is one of the big reasons I go there. Also, I feel like their sandwich platting could be a little neater but everything is delicious, so it makes up for the sometimes sloppy presentation and grumpy service. I'd recommend it, I'd just warn my friends of the burnt out servers.",3.0
"Here for happy hour, it's mediocre at best. The cocktails are way to sweet.  The shrimp tempura roll was cold and soggy.  The gyoza were okay but only luke warm.  The pacific roll was good and the service was friendly.",2.0
"Nice local restaurant without a ""chain"" feel. I enjoyed the brat burger and my wife had a gluten-free burger. We both enjoyed our meal.",4.0
"This was a strange review to write as the food is top notch and deserves five stars. The only reason I gave it four was due to two issues that will be irrelevant to some people. First, the cheapest bottle of red wine was $70, which I think is ridiculous. I don't think it's asking too much to have a $50 bottle of wine on your menu. I like wine with food, but am not a connoisseur, so the difference between a $50 bottle and a $100 bottle is nil to me. Second, you're much better served going with a group of four or larger. Sides and appetizers state they serve two to four and they are huge and way too large for two people. You will also have far more seafood options if you are ordering for more than two people as the seafood bar (more to come later) selections are usually two pounds or more. 

On to the food...amazing. Your server will take you to what is essentially a seafood market inside of the restaurant. There is a large bed of ice on which are laid their seafood selections for the evening. Each selection has a small sign which indicates the name of the selection and the price per pound. Most were in the $50/lb. range. We had originally ordered a Mediterranean Sea Bass, but it was only available at two lbs. or larger, so she recommended a similar selection that I can neither remember nor pronounce, at a pound and a half. Two lbs. would have been far too large for the two of us and we were not interested in leftovers. The seafood was so fresh and simply prepared. It was grilled, lightly seasoned and topped with a little oil. They let the seafood be the star and it is incredible. Our appetizer was the spreads, which included Tzatziki, Hummus, Tarmosalata and Fava. It was great, but it was so large we maybe ate a third of it at most as we didn't want to fill up on an appetizer. With the seafood we also ordered a side of their grilled peppers. Again, great, but a huge portion and over half of it was uneaten. Outstanding meal all the way around, but paid for a good amount of food we couldn't eat. Also, it's pretty amazing that all the fresh seafood can be on ice in the middle of the restaurant and yet no ""fishy"" smell.",4.0
"I've lived in Mesa my whole 26 years of life, and had yet to try this place. I consider myself somewhat of a sub connoisseur since I worked at Ned's when I was 15, but I digress. I stepped inside and was quickly transported back to the 1990's: I mean this place hasn't been updated in years I tell you! I pushed past the cringe-worthy green countertops and was met with a smile from the girl behind he register. I ordered the small smoked turkey on wheat and my first bite was... blas. Then I quickly realized it's because it doesn't come with cheese! What sandwich doesn't automatically come with cheese? (This is a rhetorical question, obviously the BLT is one.) I then ripped open their regular potato chips hoping to add a pop of pizazz to my palate. Sadly, it was met with more blandness. I mean, I get that they're regular potato chips but in a world chalk full of flavors you have to up your game a bit if you want to set yourself apart... or repeat customers at least! I so badly wanted to like this place, I root for any business in Mesa to succeed but I can't say I'll be back any time soon.",3.0
"Great vibe, great owner - a nice little Persian cafe without having to truck on up to the hinterlands - I am a fan.  

OK, I love this place. A lot. But I feel sort of compelled to ask... WHY THE H#$%! AREN'T YOU OPEN BEFORE 5PM??????

 I know, I know - No dark & sexy before 5pm - BUT - since they already have everything in place to just open the doors early and simply BE one of the best coffee places on College St - Why don't they? Ok, I confess that my ulterior motive is to turn this place into my virtual office - someplace where I can be comforted by the environment and further comforted by the discomfort it would cause to the droids that, quite frankly, make me really uncomfortable.

What was this review about again?  Oh yeah Awtash! I love that place!",4.0
Great place! Cheap and quality! But if you go at the wrong time you might wait over 30 min before to be seated :/!!!,5.0
This is by far my favorite sushi place in the valley as the sushi is pretty good for the value. It's always clean and my group at work comes regularly on Fridays.,5.0
Got my eyebrows done here love how they come out would suggest you come early because they are usually busy,5.0
"Costco, in general, is a magical, magical place.  While there are only two of us in our household, I can always find things to buy in bulk at Costco.  In my opinion, Sam's Club hasn't got ANYTHING on the awesomeness that is Costco.

Costco offers a lot of higher-end products.  I got some really nice cookware and storage bowls from there for a VERY reasonable price.  They have many high-end products they offer here, especially with electronics and small household appliances.  I like that they offer a lot of organic meats and cheeses, although I still find them a little more expensive than I care for.  I really like a lot of their Kirkland Signature products, which are far better than a lot of other generic products I've tried.  They also offer a large selection of vitamins (in bulk, of course) and natural healthcare products.  They also have GREAT prices on gasoline at their Costco member station.

However, there are some days in which their large parking lot is nearly full with people.  On the weekends, it is SO chaotic there, and you often have to wait 15-20 minutes in the checkout lines to get your things.  This part annoys me quite a bit.  So long as I go there on the week days (except Fridays, of course), everything is honky dory about this place.",4.0
I love this place and the servers are the best in town. I can not recommend anything to eat because everything on the menu is delish! (And I am not a big fan of Mexican food) I will say their Empenadas are my favorite though.,4.0
"The food is pretty good, but the prices are stupid high. For a tiny plate of chips and salsa, it's like 5 bucks. No refills. Wtf.

We came in once and asked how much each salsa would be for our to-go order (we wanted to try them all!) and they told us it'd be $1 each!! For those tiny little plastic cups. We laughed but they weren't joking.

There are definitely better places around town that are cheaper.",2.0
"I loved this place!

First of all, I made reservations about a week in advance and I mentioned that we were celebrating our anniversary so they gave us wonderful seats.  We got to sit right in front of the windows with an excellent view of the Bellagio water shows.  

The food was excellent.  My fiance ordered their romaine salad and their NY steak... I had their escargot and salmon.  Everything was soooooo good.  And best of all: their chocolate souffle.  OMG.  So freaking wonderful.  Their cocktails: orgasmic.  I loved it!

Best of all, we got to meet Mike Tyson who happened to be eating there as well.  No worries guys, I left with both of my ears in tact ;)",5.0
"We went here twice on a recent trip to Vegas. The first time was fantastic -- we were early for lunch, had a great view of the Bellagio fountains and the staff was attentive. We had excellent dishes. To my surprise and happiness, they had gluten free cheese poufs instead of a basket of bread. If I could have ordered an entire plate of those, I would!

On account of the nice time we had there at lunch, we popped up there for dessert late on Tuesday night after a fairly disappointing night. We thought that dessert, drinks and the fountain would perk us back up and make a nice end to our trip. Big mistake. We were dressed for where we had originally planned to go, which meant nice jeans and sweaters. I wear semi-religious clothing and that's OBVIOUS when you look at me. Despite the fact that we did not meet their dress code, we were ushered into the elevator (unaware of the dress code, mind you. We are not regulars and it is not posted.) My partner was instantly pulled aside by the hostess and asked what his jacket size was, etc.

I realize they are a nice restaurant and they want a particular reputation. Damn near ten at night on Tuesday, however, is maybe not the time to enforce it, especially as it was not posted, and the downstairs elevator staff did not warn us. I realize we are not swanky. We probably are not their desired clientele,  but given that we stated we just wanted drinks and dessert, they might have stuffed us in a corner and called it good enough? (For the record, we left -- a jacket over a sweater in a restaurant would have been misery.)

Bottom line, they need to post their dress code. And if they insist men wear jackets, then they need to put jackets over girls that are wearing inappropriate outfits too. Otherwise they come across as a badly-disguised meat-market. And maybe, on a weekday night, that's exactly what they are?

I'd still recommend this place for lunch, but I don't think I'll be back because of how badly they handled their own policy.",2.0
"THIS RESTAURANT IS SO CROOKED! They have a crooked staff all the way around, from the host to the servers. IT SUCKED! Worst treatment ever received at a fine dining establishment. In a nut shell, my girlfriend and I waited an hour for a table we requested to be by a window for the view just to have dessert. We didn't mind the wait but when we finally did get seated an hour later, we were asked by the server to move to the lounge area because they can ""ACCOMMODATE"" us there. We even told the hostess that we were just having the dessert and she said it was OK. The server just wanted his tip rather than to do his job and serve. I wish i could rate this Restaurant a big fat ZERO because over all they suck! Yes! i might not have been there to have a full meal, but we deserve to be treated equally. NOT RECOMMENDED.",1.0
"This restaurant always reminds me of the Rainbow Room in NYC, one can always grab a seat at the bar and dine if you don't have reservations.... It's part of the ""Lettuce Entertain You"" Group, and is also on ""Open Table."" The Bartenders are a really great group... and the food is marvelous. Plus the view... Bellagio Fountains the Paris Balloon, and City Center... one could not ask for more... (tip: very pricey)",5.0
"I live down the street from this new restaurant and always wanted to stop by and try it.  I stopped by on a Monday just to find out they close on Mondays bummer.  I finally had the chance to try it out. I was not sure what to expect since I had heard they served a variety of dishes. We walked in to an empty front reception area, but were then greeted by a smiling gentleman. We were seated quickly with no wait time.  The decor was hispanic inspired, la loteria and yet I could smell chinese food! Once seated I could smell seafood too, I was very confused yet intrigued! Our waitress was great very friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes, we had so many questions.  She brought us chips and salsa that were all gone within minutes. I ordered a margarita i had seen on Yelp and my waitress seemed very confused since I ordered it as Pinta margarita and its actually a diablo margarita! My eye went straight to the chile rellenos and that's exactly what I ordered. My spouse ordered a michelada with modelo negro and a molcajete dish that came in an actual sizzling molcajete.  I was sadly notified that the chile rellenos were no longer available so i settled for the red chicken enchiladas. Both our dishes and drinks were very good.  I will definitely be back to try those chile rellenos! My honest opinion they should just focus on one food specialty, Mexican dishes.",4.0
Boring. Kind of the same thing recreated.  Will go there if I am meeting people but won't go out of my way to be there.,2.0
OMG!! This is definitely the place I want to get my cut. I showed him a picture n Jimmy styled it perfect.  Place is 8 mins from my house n haircut price is average.  Feelin fresh n so clean!!,5.0
"I don't review often, but I am still sitting at my table here at Grimaldis and I had to write this review. The pizza i just attempted to chew here at Grimaldis at Park West was less than average. The crust was supposed to be the best part and it was not at all. It was so chewy that me and my partner could barely chew it. The toppings were sparingly and they charge for every topping ($2).  I Have eaten at Grimaldis in Scottsdale and it was much better. I would much rather have had pizza hut than this. I love pizzeria bianco and rays of ny. I hope mgr here sees this and figures it out soon.",1.0
"Located in Caesar's Palace, this place always seems to be busy.  My husband and I decided to check it out for lunch and there was a 30 minute wait at 1pm.  We decided it must be worth it, and 30 minutes later, we were seated. The entrance is lined with fish tanks FILLED with Goldfish and the rest of the decor is very trendy, hipster, China.  The tables are a bit close together, but comfortable.  I ordered the Hand stretched noodles with pork and veggies.  It was awesome, as was my husband's review of his cold (also hand stretched) noodles with beef and veggies.  My only complaint was the extra 20 minutes we waited AFTER we were finished eating, to get our check.  I finally had to flag down another waitress and ask her to get ours.  The table beside us had to do the same for drink refills.",4.0
"I have to say what are you thinking SMG? You went from comfortable, rocking recliner like chairs, with plenty of leg room,  to a chair right off the exit row of a plane. The backs of the chair are hard molded at a 2 inch recline. The sides armrest are high, hard and unmovable insuring no contact with the person next to you. So great if you don't like the people in your row, sucks if your on a date. And last but not least, you added rows and chairs so the seats are narrow and the rows impossible to exit. In a time when theaters are working hard to give movie goers something better then there home theater why is SMG going retro.  I would say to nights movie experiences was like watching a movie at my grandmas kitchen table. Food is good and delivered with a smile but still no place I want to sit with a date for two and a half hours, even if Matt Damon is one of the dinner guest.",1.0
"There is no more prime rib. According to the waitress, they changed menu three months ago. It's now a burger and hotdog joint. $7.99 burger doesn't even come with fries.",2.0
I always enjoy looking at all the baby stuff for my grandbabies here.  The prices are good and the clerks are helpful when you can find one.  And their restroom was clean.,4.0
"I agree with Kirstin's entire review! I too followed them from their old location & have been going here for about 8 years now. The current location is very nice & clean. The girls up front are nice but Rosie is by far the sweetest. I used to see Dr. Silvia Castro for my annual but I think she has been pretty busy with her new baby & other patients, so for the past 2 years I have seen Gretchen. She is amazing! Such a sweetheart & really does take the time to listen to any questions or concerns you may have. My only gripe with my last appt on 1/4/11 was that I had to wait 45 minutes before I was seen. I understand things can get busy, especially at the beginning of the year, but it can get annoying to wait 3 times as long as your actual appt time itself.",5.0
"Things I love: the pricing and the delicious food.

Things I hate: the pathetic lack of identifiable service and the overly loud environment.

Red Room is loud as all hell, drunk as all hell, and dirty as all hell. The bohemian feel is nice, but bohemian service is sub-par. They lack uniform and coordination, so it is difficult to identify them. The bathroom situation has improved from several years ago, at least.

The food though is really The Red Room's saving grace. Their pad thai with chicken and tofu, though it has one additional ""meat"", still comes under $10. The portion size is fantastic as well; finishing it was a genuine struggle.

The dichotomy between the food and service problematic, though it's a fixable problem. I just doubt it'll even be considered, given it was in this state last time I visited, several years ago.",3.0
"Bought a car from BMW of Henderson that was a lemon ( Major GAS leak, & Oil Leaks bad starter) and  only had the car for 30 days and was getting sick every time I drove the car dealer didn't care also dealer had me doing things with the Title that was their responsibility under NV law and blaming me since I couldn't get it done. Commissioner B's area in Henderson has been SO helpful I await them getting my money back and returning this lemon to BMW of Henderson",4.0
"Fast service. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. They asked us how our food was and thanked us for coming. I got beef brisket and BBQ honey ham. Ham was so tender and beef brisket was so good!! I love how there is a option of BBQ sauces. I got the spicy and it was just right. Macaroni was good. And the baked potato casserole was similar to mashed potatoes with green onions and cheese. My fianc got beef brisket, chicken breast and pulled pork. He loved all his meats. Best part about his meal was the fresh fried okra. It was piping hot and not mushy in the middle. They have two different types of potato salad-mustard and mayo based. He got mayo based and liked it. They also offer free ice cream which is a bonus! I would definitely come back here again.",4.0
Oh. My. Deliciousness. Full disclosure O had already decided this place wasn't going to be very good because how could vegan food be good? But boy was I wrong. If all vegan food is this tasty I'll gladly make the switch. But I can still have bacon right?  But for real try this place. Everyone says it's expensive but I thought for a gourmet cinnamon roll that is a treat it wasn't expensive at all. Perfection!,5.0
"For cheap reliable Mexican food, definitely the best place around in Scottsdale.",4.0
"Fun flavors! We found Popped accidentally one day and have been a huge fan since! The staff is very friendly and lets you try any flavor they have, the popcorn is made daily. My favorite if the buffalo and Brein loves the crazy combinations of all the flavors together. Plus it is reasonably priced. I suggest grabbing a bag for the movies :-)",4.0
Such a wonderful asset for the Las Vegas community.  Many wonderful programs to help the LGBTQ community.  The Bronze Cafe inside serves very good food and beverages as well.  Empowerment with education and assistance.  May it be prosperous for many decades to come!,5.0
"I came for a consultation with Dr. Reardon and my experience was amazing. He was so amazing with explaining everything. He came up with a solution of how to fix my smile, and then Michelle helped us with the financial aspect of it. I am so glad I came here & I can't wait to get my braces soon!",5.0
"staying at the marriott grand chateau was very pleasant. my party of six stayed comfortably in a 2br suite.  

this hotel is indeed intended for the older crowd. around 2am on a friday night, one of our neighbors ratted us out and told the front desk to tell us to keep it down.  which is strange since we occupied a 2br suite.  we were in the common room where there were empty bedroms on either side.  so are the walls really THAT thin that you can hear us a whole bedroom away or were you jealous that you werent working your way towards your own century club?

walking in and out of the hotel you'll see posters for the luxurious rooftop lounge, Sky Bar on the 38th floor, focusing on great drinks and awesome night views of the Vegas strip.  so up to the 38th floor we went for the midday happy hour.  we were eagerly discussing the shots and drinks we were going to order, oh liver, beware. 

out the elevators and through the double doors, there it was - 2 kiddie sized pools filled with all the grandmas and grandpas in their freckled leathery skin. um, what? upon further inspections, there were about 15 lounge chairs, and too many kids. where was the bar?! oh there it was... a cart sized bar station on the other end, where the only way to get to it is to walk right alongside the pool and risk slipping on the wet pool deck.  because we're alcoholics, we decided to move forward and get our drinks.  as the bartender was pouring our shots, i kindly asked her if this was the sky bar, in which she replied ""yup! that'll be $73"".. daaaaamn what kind of happy hour is this?!

also other items to note, they dont do room service, elevators are tricky to operate, and the complimentary valet service (as nice as it is) can take awhile getting your car, which isnt great if you're in a rush.  but this is definitely a family/kid-friendly place to stay.",3.0
"Just wow. The service, food, views are pristine. This was one of the best meals I've had in Scottsdale! We missed the sunset which would have been a  nice addition to our dining experience but nonetheless it was a great time. The seafood platter was perfect, same with really any dish on the menu. The chocolate souffl was a nice treat as you don't really see that on the menu anymore. Thanks for a lovely dinner!",5.0
"Wonderful experience. Did our reservations online and wrote this was my parents 50th wedding anniversary dinner. Our menus across the top stated this, such a thoughtful and sweet gesture. The head chef signed one and it was given back to my Mom with a beautiful bow. This will end up in her scrap book without a doubt. To write about the 3 appetizers, 5 meals and 3 desserts would take too long. I will mention the best. NY strip, scallops and chocolate souffl. Everything from the duck to the buffalo was fabulous but those 3 were my favorites. All the staff were superb, our waiter was on spot. I love great waitstaff so I really appreciated them all. We sat at 530 so we enjoyed a great sunset. The location is beautiful and the overall feel is comfortable. The whole experience was great start to finish. The only odd thing was the music. DUB, techno and something similar my son called Trap was not really fitting for the atmosphere.",5.0
"50% off sales every other Saturday. Gets a bit crowded during sales, but everything is reasonably priced and some things are pretty good quality. Get there when it opens if you want the best stuff as things move quickly!",4.0
"My husband and I really enjoyed the crepes we ate at the La Creperie. Located in the Paris Hotel, it's just a little walk up window with a small menu.  There's always a decent line at this place, but they are very fast with getting the food out. Right next to it, there are plenty of tables and chairs to sit at and people watch. All the crepes were $9.99. They were a very decent size and filling for breakfast. First time we went, I had the crepe with spinach, mushroom, and cheese, topped with a bechamel sauce. It was awesome! My husband got a crepe Suzette, which he enjoyed.  Second time we went, we got the nutella crepe.  It was good, but it was almost too rich.  It was only nutella on the inside and topped with whipped cream.  Could have used maybe some fruit inside like strawberries or bananas to cut the sweetness.  We would definitely eat here again. It's also great for people that want to eat and run because you have a busy day ahead of you and don't want to wait forever to be served.",4.0
"It's a good little joint which serves nice tacos. They're not out of this world amazing tacos, but good tacos. This place is great for a quick little bite when you're wondering the streets of Kensington Market and craving Mexican food. Their tacos are not as good as Barrio Coreano, for instance, but they're cheaper. The staff is friendly and fast. I will probably be back next time I'm in the neighbourhood.",3.0
"Two rude individuals were allowed to completely take over and dominate the only two group seating areas so that my friends and I were forced to sit very uncomfortably off in a corner at some rickety little school tables.  My suggestion to the management is to do a better job policing this unless you want to reduce your customers down to a few obnoxiously entitled people.

Where is your menu?

Why were there no ice cubes?

Why is everything served in to go cups?

No gluten free pastries.",2.0
Late night fun with buy one get one free sake. Sushi is good fun place to be plus it's open late so that's a real plus,4.0
"In a word? 

Omnomnom...

Wait? Is that a word? It's a sound, for sure. And we made it a lot devouring our dinner at this great place!

Fresh, plentiful, tasty, creative. Oh man. I have a new favorite, fo' sho'. A little slower than some places (as others have pointed out) but worth it, I think. They take their time to make sure it's executed perfectly. Service with a smile and we lacked for nothing. 

The shitake mushroom roll was earthy and perfectly balanced with the crunch of veg and a touch of crispy tempura. Served with some tempura fungi on the side, and it's a complete dish! 

The Rose and White Rose rolls have been entered into my foodporn um, brain bank... ;) No rice (perfect for me): it's amazing fish, sauce, and a touch of veg here and there... WRAPPED IN MORE FISH. #winwin

We also had a soft-shell crab roll (the name escapes me and it's not on the online menu) that was similar. More fish wrapped in fish. Really. #happyMuse

We had a few other rolls, including the Rock and Roll, the Firecracker, a crunchy scallop roll (served with additional panko-breaded scallops! Yum!), and an unagi/avocado roll. All very, very good. The sauces were not overly used - Bonus points! - just enough to go with the flavor profiles they were trying to create. No sauce-drowned fishies here!

To taste the fish on its own (as Bentern says in his review, without the ""tacky"" sauce), we did order some nigiri including salmon, tuna, and uni. The uni, my favorite but not that of my dining companions, was fresh, sweet, and perfect. Always a great sign of a great place, IMHO.

Again I have to point out that I like that they don't pack their rolls with rice (and have a LOT of non-rice options). The menu is *extensive* (the online menu is a fraction of the options you actually have). In addition to the sushi and sashimi, they offer some entrees as well.

I don't mind a lack of AYCE because I don't eat enough to make those ""deals"" worth it. However, I could see the draw in having something here... They can be on the pricey side. That said, Friday night we had a hell of a meal between the three of us... a ton of great food, a couple cucumber salads (meh... just a lot of cucumber in a martini glass... wasn't impressed), some soup, and all those rolls. For... 70ish bucks? Three people? Not bad at all for what you are getting.

And now I am hungry... Dinner, anyone?",4.0
Closes at 4am but if you want to be served get there before 3am or they send you away. Really a bummer this place really used to be a great spot especially for industry and late nighters.,1.0
"Adorable addition to this corner. The patio has plenty of seats and you can dine there while people watching. The burger is also one the best burger I've had. Thanks for the lovely afternoon, Tuckshop! If you are waiting outside they will kindly bring your order outside for you. Even if there's only one person working at the shop. 

Side note: We also ordered a tomato soup, but it was just too salty, seasoned to be more of a sauce and not really a soup. Took it home and made a tomato stew with it, and it was one of the best stew I've made.",4.0
"When you don't have any friends, this park is there for you. You can play basketball by yourself, walk around, feed the birds, literally whatever you want to do. It's super clean. Walking distance from a lot of houses. Everyone is nice. You might get dirty but there's a gas station nearby to get a Slurpees and wash off. I've met some awesome people there! Also there's a dog park - so bring your best friend. Side note - there used to be a blockbuster down the road but it closer so RIP.",5.0
I found HD nails when I was passing by the Beauty Supply Warehouse which is next door. I looked them up on Yelp and the reviews were good so I thought I would give them a chance. I went in yesterday for a shellac manicure. I had the please of getting my nails done by Kim who was excellent. She was very polite. Listened to what I wanted and gave her honest opinion also she did such a clean and precise job. She made sure to clean up all edges of my nails and gave me an amazing hand massage afterwards. I would highly recommend HD Nails for your nail needs. I am looking forwards to going back again in a couple weeks.,5.0
"The food is delicious. The service is great! They make it feel like you're a friend coming over for dinner. We love everyone there. In a normal week we are there 2 or 3 times. And since they recently expanded their menu, there are even more good things to try. You can't go wrong with the classics like the chicken pho or any of the different beef pho (my favorite is with the steak and brisket). But getting some of the other dishes usually turns out to be a great idea. My wife usually only get the chicken pho but she's been venturing out and enjoying her different choices. Spring rolls are a staple and the chopped pork with rice (C1 I beleive) is really good. Pour that fish sauce over the rice and go ahead and plant your face in it! Love this place and it's a bonus that it's so close! But I would travel for this one.",5.0
"Great place to eat, Friday and Saturday night they have live music.  The owners mom runs the kitchen, the food is legit!",5.0
"Love the Mexican food here, went this weekend with my in-laws and they loved it too. Some friends of ours introduced us to this place and were hooked. Mexican pizza is delicious.",4.0
"So since I was out shopping by myself, I thought I would take advantage of the situation and get some breakfast that I normally do not get to eat. So I went to Mekong Marketplace, the SE Asian market center. Wandered around a little and decided to eat at Hue Gourmet, a Vietnamese little joint. I had the Bun Cha Ca (rice noodle soup with fishcake) and an order of 4 Cha Go Tom (pork and shrimp egg rolls). The egg rolls were very good and not too pricey. But the noodle soup was a little disappointing. The noodles were squishy and overcooked, the broth was weak, the veggies were sparse, and the soup had tomatoes in it! Maybe I am ignorant, but I never had Asian noodle soup with tomatoes in it before.....but after doing some research, I found out that this soup typically does have tomatoes and a tomato based broth. The fishcake was ""different"" -- not the typical Asian fishcake you get in most noodle soups. And they gave me a little container of chopped chilis which I dumped into the soup. Big mistake -- they were chopped Thai chilis and now both my mouth and my asshole are burning!!!",3.0
"Dear Mr. Theatre Manager, you have a tough job and you do it well.... I can't imagine how many movies I have seen here and it is always a pleasant experience.",4.0
Abuelos is out of our way but we go for the flavor as often as possible.  The tacos are made from fajita steak and so tender.  The chips and salsa are divine and the margaritas are always perfectly mixed.  YUM!!!!,5.0
"This is the absolute worst place to get married. We did our ceremony only at Mesa Arts Center up on the Joanie Flatt Terrace, as it was offered as an alternative space through our venue. We met the coordinators Friday evening (the night before the wedding) to do a walk through and a rehearsal, they were polite and showed us where we would be and overall were nice. Saturday was a completely different story. On Saturday, the same women we had spoken to less than 24 hours before, denied ever meeting us. We were told by both Mesa Arts Center and 12 West Main that the terrace would be ours, and all surrounding classes would be cancelled or moved for the hour we were up there; which was a total lie. Not only were there dance classes in the room we needed, a glass blowing class so kindly used power tools during the ceremony and a repairman was very loudly working on the elevator leading up to the terrace. Plus, to make it even better, another wedding was going on and was blasting music so loud the officiant had to basically yell into her microphone. The coordinators from the arts center maintained that they had not showed us any of the rooms and that none of the classes were to be cancelled. They were so unprofessional and rude, you would think they were doing us a favor and just allowing us to be up there, and that we didn't pay four figures to rent the space. I've never been so disrespected, and it was almost unbelievable that they were doing that to us on our wedding day. We booked them because we have always loved the arts center, but after that we will not be returning customers of any kind.",1.0
"Best Mattress 2303 N. Rainbow.  Best place to buy a new Mattress. I took my time, checked around looked online and in person. What I discovered was  Best prices, Best selection, Best Staff at Best Mattress.I went to the store located on N. Rainbow today and Shona got me a Great deal on a Great bed. With free next day delivery. Tomorrow night I will be sleeping on a cloud. Thank you Shona. 5 Star Service! Ask for Shona she will get you a great Deal too.",5.0
"Decent Saturday brunch buffet with seafood. There were a lot of options including: crab legs, oysters, smoked salmon, eggs, grits, biscuits and gravy, bagels, fruit, bacon, sausage, and salads, etc. I'd probably like to try somewhere else out first before returning, as it was just okay here at N&B's. Nothing really stood out or was memorable.",3.0
"This is by far the best go-kart track in Vegas.  Gas powered karts - not electric ones like the other tracks - give you that real racing feel.  They are MUCH faster than the track, so you really have to drive.  You can't just floor it all the way around the course like at the kiddie cart tracks - this place is for adults who want to act like kids for a while, not snot-nosed toddlers.

Staff is always helpful and friendly, track is perfect for all skill levels (not too easy or too difficult) and it's a great bang for your buck.  Just about anytime I have friends or family visiting me in Vegas and they ask to do something non-traditional (i.e. not gamble, get trashed, hit the strip clubs or spend hours throwing food down our throats at a buffet) I take them to Fast-Lap.  Not once has anyone I've taken not been thoroughly impressed and had a great time.  It's a blast - try it!",5.0
"My uncle and I were feelin' some delicious pizza, and delicious pizza we received. I've been to both locations multiple times and the food is consistently amazing.
We ordered:
-The pizza with arugula and prosciutto (i'm too lazy to google the menu for the name of it)
-arugula salad
-calamari
-400 plates of bread and oil.. figuratively speaking 

all perfect and wonderful! I highly recommend the salad. Get whatever pizza you like, but the salad, you NEED to get the arugula salad. It's life changing. 

 Ok that's enough about the food..... 

The service was SO fantastic! Our hostess/server, Margret was super friendly and hilarious. My uncle has a very silly sense of humour so it was nice to not get any pretentious ""we never laugh or show we are slightly human"" attitude. I want to only go there when she is working. Is it creepy as hell if I call the restaurant and ask if she's working? Probably. 

My uncle kept making a joke about the pH of the water and one of the bartenders came out with pH strips and we tested it at the table...  I thought it was funny, and a nice touch. 
Also the bus boy who brought our bread was friendly and a babe. 

If you want amazing service, good looking staff (everyone, not just the bread boy) and great food, please go here. The danforth ain't all about the Greek food (and I'm a Greek lady who eats olives and feta cheese 365 days a year)",5.0
"They have a great selection of beer. The food was much better than I expected. I was expecting the typical pub grub. We had a table of 4 and we went around 3 PM on a weekday so it wasn't that busy. We ordered some food to split. The green apple, bacon and cheddar grilled cheese and the mac and cheese were my favorite items. Our waitress was friendly. I've tried MANY of the IPAs around the West Coast and I wanted to try something new. She gave me some suggestions that were great.",4.0
"Out of all of the Las Vegas buffets I have ever been to, this has got to be the WORST! I am not a picky eater. I usually don't complain about food and I can usually adapt my taste buds to most anything. This shit, I just couldn't!!!!! The TEXAS BUFFET was even better than Aliante! I just honestly was all around disappointed! Most of the food was seriously room temp, not hot. Everything had pork in it. A lot of the stuff was dried out looking from not being touched or mixed. IDK, like I said, I rarely complain about food. I just can't get jiggy with the Aliante buffet! I usually give a place a second try but I wont be doing that with this one!",1.0
"Delish!
Had the duck sandwich, hubby had the burger - which, I should add, is 40% bacon! So good! Fries were super crispy and house cut. Service was friendly and inviting. Will definitely be back.",5.0
"These guys were really helpful. Good service in this town is hard to find and these guys get an A++ in customer service. 
I went in to the shop the other day and they were very friendly and made me feel at home. They have a nice selection of bikes, clothing, and accessories. Very knowledgeable on all aspects of cycling. Will surely be back for service and any of my biking needs!!!",5.0
"Went here for a friends birthday. The service was great! There were three of us and we ordered a salad, pizza, and pasta dish. The food was delicious. Perfect amount between the 3 of us. And they even brought out a free dessert for the birthday girl.",5.0
"This office is amazing! My son had his 6 month visit today and we had the pleasure of being seen by Dr. MacLean and Miss Cheri was his assistant. Cheri was very patient with him as today was his very first time getting x-rays. Lots of praise and encouragement for him being such a great patient. 
Dr. MacLean never disappoints! She was very patient with my son, stopping between his exam to let him talk about the movie that was playing-Monsters Inc...his favorite! They were great friends by the end of the visit, in my three year olds words ""she's my pal!"" Great visit, great office, great staff!",5.0
"great service, great intimate little restaurant...
of course food was good, well portioned, fettuccine bolognese, galetto al maltone, but for some reason, i can't say it was memorable.. was great, but .....why?? i don't know... i wasn't wowed... maybe try different dish next time...",4.0
Service food drinks ambiance ! If you're looking for a seafood place in the area you have to stop here ! I'm super picky with my food and this place exceeded my expectations.,5.0
"Seasons Buffet is exactly the kind of hidden joint I'd expect to find when exploring eateries outside of the Strip.  And although, it's not really all that totally off Strip, it's far enough away that your efforts to visit them will be rewarded with extra attentive service and better eats.

Best of all, Seasons easily outshines other similarly priced buffets with the sheer quality and variety of their offerings.

So, first of all, the place looks great: modern space with plenty of legroom so not to impend on the comfort zone of fellow diners, a back wall filled with enough tvs to watch the game and the Food Network at the same time, and best of all, each and every serving station is pristine.

I liked finding two buffet items normally not served during lunch: grilled veggies and brisket.  The brisket was tender and juicy.  It was a little under seasoned but if you dab a little BBQ sauce, it's bound to impress.  The grilled veggies were crisp, slightly caramelized, and probably one of the healthiest things I may have ever had at a buffet (is that sad?).

The showcase item was their fish tacos.  And I'll be the first to admit, they are exceptionally done.  The outer taco shell is crisp-ily grilled while the inner shell stays bendy enough to help house, not only the moist and tender fish, but all the fixings that make it so yummy.  My only gripe is that you're limited to only 2 tacos per order . . . which, I guess, in retrospect is pretty smart considering I'd probably go overboard and OD on them.

The desserts were a little disappointing . . . but to be expected for a buffet.  They were mostly bad but not completely terrible.  I was able to finish half a scoop of cappuccino ice cream and a sliver of cake; although, the fact that I don't remember what cake should say something.

Fortunately, instead of ending my outing with dessert I had one last order of fish tacos.",4.0
My favorite Thai place. I've never had a disappointing meal here. Every curry I try tastes as good as the last.,5.0
"... Stopped in after reading reviews on Yelp.  I was immediately greeted as I walked in the door (always a good thingin my opinion). I loved the decor and the  staff was great. Perry, the Bartender was really friendly and helped guide me during my first visit.  He made suggestions and all were tasty.  My favorite was the Albacore Tuna, which was on the Fresh Sheet (don't miss out on that - they change it daily!). I also had the pork bun sliders (a little sweet for my taste, but good)  and the ShoYu (light miso broth, which is great for a hot summer afternoon)... I liked everything about this place- which is awesome for Newbie...  I will definitely return!",4.0
"I love discovering family-owned restaurants in my neighborhood.  Specially when the food is as wonderful as this place, and when the owners/staff are nice.
This was our second time here, with little kids, and unfortunately not one of their best days.  They were not behaving.  Despite that, they ate everything, and we loved all their food.  Don't know much about Turkish food, but i was completely satisfied by the quality and quantity.  The service was pretty good, and super pleasant.  At the end unfortunately they made us wait for our check for an extremely long time, and the kids kept getting cranky.  I have no idea what was happening, there was only another group eating in there.  Also, the reason for the missing 5th star...they didn't have 2 of the appetizers we wanted.  On a Friday night?  Big no, no.  I guess I'll have to go back and see if them have them in the future.",4.0
Horrible service all the way around. I felt like they were not being honest the entire time I dealt with them.,1.0
"My friend and I were seeking a new neighborhood Italan spot on a Friday evening. I had no idea this place is certified Kosher as it wasnt advertised.The food was ok..nothing special compared to other eateries, except Kosher which isnt something I need. 
Lots of fish dishes is a plus but what i had was too spicy for my taste. Also ...what ruined our meal  was two huge family parties that took over the place...talking and walking around in groups like it was a private room. And complete with unwatched screaming children...that sealed the deal...not likely to return. If it was a more pleasant dining area, less like a free for all...and less pricey I'd try another day...small but annoying detail was the huge list of menu items, poorly lit and tiny type, in a high spot over our heads. Ugh.",2.0
"Best pizza! KOSHER kitchen!! I mean how spectacular.  
I wish they were located closer, but the drive is worth it. 
My whole life i have tried alfredo sauce everywhere I go. You see my father is a chef and makes THE BEST alfredo around. I have never had anything remotely close to my father's alfredo; until now! La Bella's alfredo is rich and creamy with a hint of seasoning. To for for!
I had it over the tortellini cooked perfectly.
We also enjoy their baked ziti, and eggplant parmesan.
I can't wait to try the gnoocci!
My mother enjoys the garlic sauce.
Their ranch dressing is dlish!
We usually get only cheese pizza since that is liked best by the kids.  However the olive pizza,  and white pizza are great too!! I also really like the margarita....
Service is always in point and i have never been disappointed.",5.0
"Excellent, truly.  Expensive, absolutely.  But it's one of those places that although the check stings, you never feel like you didn't get what you paid for (i.e. that $50 steak will be a giant cut of beautiful aged, grass-fed beef cooked to perfection).  So here's the trick - go for brunch.  Although you should be warned, this is a wasted Sunday kind of brunch (I am can't seem to avoid eating myself into a coma).  It is by far the best value for brunch in the city and a cheap way to get your Eleven fix.  If you have the cash, by all means go for dinner.  This is our birthday/anniversary spot.",5.0
"Eleven is hands-down, without fail one of Pittsburgh's best restaurants. I have eaten here a number of times and have had nothing but great eating experiences.

Here's a tidbit from a review that I did on my blog (http://intrepidmoves.blogspot.com/) back in October of 2012.

""Seasonal Heaven.... Eleven. was. delicious....I'm a big fan of innovative, fresh food - and that is exactly what this restaurant offered....Being a big fan of beets, I started with a beet salad. These roasted red beets were dressed with a light vinaigrette and were mixed with pumpkin seeds. This was an interesting October touch, unique and delicious, and while overall I enjoyed the meal, the salty roasted seeds made the dish, to me, seem a bit too salty. Didn't stop me from eating every bite though! ""

Dinner is on the pricier side, but well worth it. This is a great restaurant for a special occasion. This summer I went with a group of eight or so people and we had a private room upstairs - one very vibrant woman from Scranton, unfamiliar with the eats of Pittsburgh - just couldn't get over how great the restaurant was. She asked the waiter to have the manager come up so that she could give him her compliments. She told him that she has never been to a restaurant where every single person in a large group like this could speak so highly of each and every single one of their meals. 

The only 'disappointing' moment I have ever had at Eleven was when I was at dinner with the group mentioned above - my friend Maura and I decided to splurge on a pricier dollar bottle of white wine - annnnnnd it didn't come chilled. I generally don't complain at restaurants, but as Maura's mother (vibrant woman mentioned previously) said, ""you tell them, it's a 60 dollar bottle of white wine, and it's going to need to be chilled."" So we took that route - added some please and thank you's - and the bottle was immediately on ice. I wouldn't have expected to have to ask that question at this establishment - but, mistakes happen.

My most recent experience was for lunch at the Tavern (the bar part of the restaurant which has a different menu). Always on a hunt for a good Bloody Mary - I was very satisfied. The bar area is beautiful - high ceilings, dark wood tables and chairs - a very calming atmosphere. I had their famous fried brussels sprouts, and mussels that were to die for. 

What it comes down to is that you just can't go wrong with Eleven. The Big Burrito Restaurant Group nailed it with this place.",5.0
"Just had their sunday brunch and it was fantastic!!!! it was easy to get a reservation but it was on a post steeler game snowy sunday morning. We decided to do the Prix fix which is $25 and includes an appetizer, entree, a pastry basket and a cocktail. Totally worth it!!!! 
 I got the blood orange mimosa and the flute was large (just the way i like it) for my appetizer i got the crispy brussel sprouts (sans the anchovies) and they were AMAZING!!  my BF got the oysters with their house made hot sauce and they were ""orgasmic"" we both got omelettes and the portions were large and the quality of the food was top notch. Our server was very friendly and he was attentive. He even inquired if i wanted a meatless substitute for my entree. Eleven is definitely my favourite restaurant in Pittsburgh as far as consistency goes. The brunch just confirmed it.",5.0
"My permanent eyebrow experience with Rachel at White Lotus Salon in Gilbert, Arizona.

For the last several years, I have been covering up my faded awkward looking previous eyebrow job with my hair bangs hoping that nobody would notice.
Several of my outspoken friends urged me to redo it. So I combed the internet and I even drove out to Los Angeles for a day for a consultation with an artist who had excellent reviews. 
To make a long story short, within my research, I was given the name of Rachel of White Lotus Salon by someone in the same line of work.  I made an appointment and met with Rachel.  She was very professional and friendly. Rachel asked me what I expected and we both worked at picking the right color and the desired shape of the eyebrow.  At the end of the consultation, I was comfortable with Rachel and decided to have the procedure done.
On the day of the procedure, I was very nervous and anxious as I knew that covering up the faded bluish eyebrows and reshaping would be challenging and permanent!  Rachel alleviated these fears by making sure that she explained each step along the way and would have me look in the mirror several times throughout the procedure so I could see the progress being made.
I was very happy with the results. It certainly was a huge improvement as to how it looked before.
Several weeks later, I returned for the follow up visit to do the touch up.  Rachel meticulously took her time in doing it and I can tell you the work is superb.  I couldn't be any happier and I'm glad that I found Rachel. Really, It was a lot better than I expected!

Thank you Rachel for your artistic skill and excellent customer service!",5.0
I've been coming here for about a year now and love it. Andrea is so talented and really has a passion for her work. I always get color and a cut. Andrea is very meticulous and takes her time. I never feel rushed and my hair always looks great. I would highly recommend  going to see Andrea at White Lotus Spa!,5.0
"Fair pricing and no upselling. These guys are good--but be warned, it's as busy as an angry beehive on Monday mornings!",3.0
"My friend knows the best spots...... I wanted a coffee shop that wasn't Starbucks and Tim Hortons and she drove me up to the Red Bulb... she said that they have the best coffee.. and I was about to order a speciality christmas latte when.....

**JUGS OF APPLE CIDER ALONG THE TOP SHELF!!!!*

SOLD!

Everywhere I search for apple cider, I am given apple juice with cinnamon or spices of some sort.. I was told this was the authentic stuff.
Yes I was super excited and maybe I over hyped myself up for this because in fact - this cup of ""apple cider"" really did not taste much different than apple juice, which left me sadly surprised and scratching my head in my mind.

THe decor was cute and they had some nice baked goods from dufflets, along with some savoury selections. There are a few chairs closer to the front where you can enjoy direct sunlight on a nice day or in the back with wooden banquettes, chairs and home decor magazines for your leisure. 

Definitely would come back for the coffee if I had the time to drive up here... good little gem :)",3.0
"If you haven't been to Container Park you should check it out.
Very friendly staff. My wife tried one of their signature drinks (Pena Berry Margarita) and it was to salty for her so they made her another drink without a fuss. That's always a plus in my book. Normally she gets her Margarita's without salt.
Started with the Fried Calamari, very good. The Jalapeno's were browned which cut down on the heat and the Lemon Aioli was a nice dipping sauce.
Bianca Flat bread, this is good enough to be your entree if you looking for something a little lighter than burgers or pasta.
Spicy Shrimp Pasta just the right amount of heat, balanced.
The Perch Burger. I'm not a guy that likes tomato on my burger but the fried green tomato was a nice touch.  I'd definitely get this again. I always like a good burger with my beer.",4.0
"I went for weekday dim sum and the food quality is definitely there. 
$1.50 /pp tea charge. The tea is actually decent. (oolong and po lei)

My only apprehension is that portions are small vs price; it's up to you to decide whether or not the added quality is worth it. But definitely give this place a try. 

I can confidently say that all the ordered food items were tasty and no missteps.
BBQ pork bun - I judge a restaurant by this dish. 4.5 stars. 
Goose web, pomelo skin and beancurd - tasty but... small portion
steamed chiu chow dumpling
steamed taro (cake?)
Shrimp spring roll wrapped in rice noodle - tasty play on 'ja leung' (dough stick wrapped in rice noodle)
Mango shrimp roll - this was pretty good. nice crunch from the tempura like batter
Meat Rice dumpling",4.0
"Great and authentic pizza , I have been there. 5 times and every time the service is average ... Very average.",3.0
"Dr Fabito saved my life and I am truly grateful! I have been in pain management treatment for well over 10 years for treatment of a spine fusion. My other doctors just masked the pain with more narcotics but Dr Fabito sent me to have a lot of test done, acupuncture and even a chiropractor over the 6 years I was his patient. He made ever attempt to try to see were my base level was by trying to wing me off the medication but I was not ready! I then added alcohol to the mix which landed me into a detox facility for a short time! I was always very honest with him and scared to death but he made me feel the pain and took my medications back..he did not refuse to treat me he just needed me to come to grips with my pain..after more alcohol and no pain medication it landed me into a 30 day treatment facility at Las Vegas Recovery Center were my life had to change! I am now 4 months clean from any type of narcotics and for the first time in my life I am no longer numb..I  can finally feel again...discomfort a lot but nothing like the panic of running out of my medication! Dr Fabito cared for me as a person and not as a dollar in his pocket he has got to be the best doctor I have ever meet! If your dealing with chronic pain he will help you! If your looking for a dope pusher he will never do what you want he will do what is best! I love you Dr Fabito always! Thank you!",5.0
"Tea shots were tasty and novel. Wings.... As mentioned in other posts were the best we've ever had. The gingerita was fresh and strong. Service was attentive, even as the Satirdayevening crowd picked up. Would be here very frequently if we lived in town!",5.0
"Delicious food, with polite, friendly service. I don't know much about decor but it seems to be a beautiful space. I like that you get a clear view of the kitchen so you don't have to wonder what's going on in there. Weekend brunch can get crowded/loud, but great place for dinner. The quiche is incredibly moist and is a must-try, as are the rosemary parmesan frites - with house-made ketchup, of course.

6/20/2014
This is now a Hey Meatball location. Fries are still good but I find their vegan sandwich overly salty. I really miss what this restaurant was.",2.0
I had spaghetti my husband had chicken & mashed potatoes. Very good waitress. Friendly staff & timely. Family style resturant.,5.0
"Just took receipt of my 2017 Mini Cooper from Classic Mini.  Great Experience from test drive, custom order, tracking delivery and finance.  Mike L is great and has been very responsive through out the experience, Tim in finance got us in and out on pick up day.
Thanks guys for making all so easy!",5.0
"Obviously Chuck-E M. doesn't understand Ritos.  You don't go here for horchata, water, or ambience for that matter.  You go here for one of the best green chili burritos in town.  The ""kid"" at the front desk has also been nothing but friendly to me and I go here all the time.  The lady at the front counter is a different story, you can tell she hates being there.  Please let me the restaurant in town that does a green chili burrito better?",4.0
"I previously had written a review giving Bad Sass Backdrops one star because we had a very unpleasant experience when ordering the backdrops. However, when we did receive the backdrops we ordered, we were very pleased with the cloth backdrops. I do not think I would go with them for canvas but I love their fabric backdrops and plan to purchase more from them. Even though I was not a fan at first, they won me over by the quality of the backdrop and how resistent to wrinkle they are. Their prices are very good for the product you receive. The only reason they did not get a 5 star was for the length of time that it took to get the fabric backdrops since they are purchased and shipped from China.",4.0
Worst noodle soups you'll ever find in Vegas. Pretty much they serve you hot water with your choice of noodles. No flavor in the broth. Absolute disappointment.,1.0
"As far as Sports Books go its very upscale but extremely friendly to both genders. Plenty of screens, several different areas for viewing besides the main stadium, and plenty of comfy seating. And for the big ballers they even have luxury boxes. 

But Yelp is all about the food and this place comes through like its name. Its classic Emeril with several items on the menu from his restaurants but he also put traditional bar food items on the menu like nachos, pizza, and buffalo wings. It is the Palazzo not Hooters so don't be surprised with the prices for these items. But like always Emeril's food is on point. We sat at the bar and were a little disappointed because the bar stools were affixed and couldn't sit close to each other. We had the Grilled Beef Rid Eye with horse radish cream and mash potatoes, and the Acadian Caprese salad which came with lightly battered shrimp. 

On a side note what is up with Emeril and his Stinginess with Shrimp. The salad only had two and and the famous BBQ was seriously weak for 15 bones even though its the Palazzo. Please its only shrimp!!!!!!!!!!!! 

The rib eye was seasoned and cooked(medium) just right and the salad was very tasty. I will be going back to see his take on traditional bar food, but overall if you don't mind dropping cabbage on a good meal with your lady and good service and atmosphere then you won't be disappointed with Lagasse's Stadium and she won't be either.",4.0
"Roosters is a phenomenal restaurant nestled in uptown. Went last night right before the bobcats game.  Unfortunately didn't have reservations so our only option was to sit upstairs at the chefs table. This was the best experience and will sit there everytime we go again. Its like being in the middle of hells kitchen only without all the competition and language.  It was an experience to see each address each other as chef, work together and bring amazing food. 3 seats down I believe we had the honor of the head chef/owner (sitting there enjoying food)who checked in with us to make sure everything was up to par.  We started with the cheese and salami pizza which was perfect size to share and tasted wonderful.  We then moved to mac n cheese, chili cauliflower, duck breast and as an added bonus the chef gave us a sampling of their creamy yukon. All were to cooked to perfection and easily one of the best meals I've had in Charlotte. Mac n cheese was creamy, perfect spice on the cauliflower and the duck was cooked to perfection.  We finished the meal with some bread pudding which was also very tasty.  will definitely be heading back soon",5.0
"We stopped in to grabs bite to eat before we went to Improv. My wife and I got the bacon chicken mac&cheese. It was absolutely delicious right down to the last bite. We raved about it all night long. Our friend got a burger and asked for it well done. It came out medium. So she sent it back. The manger brought out the new one and he took care of our friends check. Pretty great service. She loved the burger, and said it was one of the best she has had. 
I had the beer sampler and I liked all six beers. They were good. 
I would recommend this place and if we are down that way I will definitely go back.",5.0
"Love it! Its the best value for an Asian place in the neighbourhood. 20$pp (no drinks)

Ive been here a few times and it never fails. It has a very good ambience, good service and great food. Last time I went we were 5 people, ordered 6 entrees to share and coconut chicken soup. Everything was great! I highly recommend it",4.0
"Place never seems busy, but the food is good. Solid good. I've been here half a dozen times, and the beef is always tender and delicious.",5.0
"We ate there yesterday and all I can say is the food was ok, average no the best Mexican I ever had but good, the real downfall for me was the waitress , bus boy was good and quick with chips and salsa but other than that service sucked!!!!",2.0
"I was doing some downtown shopping and decided to come here for dinner. Entering this place, I was greeted by some great looking girls and they took my shopping bags which was sweet. The inside seems newly renovated and clean having a chic, red and black theme with great seating and a awesome looking bar. There was also a live DJ which was pretty cool. There were many business suits having a drink and kicking it back. Our server was really nice but had a squeaky voice, my friend got annoyed. For my drink I had the peach sangria which was awesome. For appetizers I had the carpaccio and cheese platter since I ended up grabbing a bottle of red wine. The carpaccio was delicious but they happened to forget the cheese platter and apologized for it and immediately brought it out. I have had great cheese platters before but it was strictly appealing for its presentation but tasted too funky for me and did not enjoy. After awhile, I grabbed the filet mignon which was slightly too pink and happened to tell the squeaky server and she happened to justify that it was fine and convinced me thats the way it is. I was unhappy but hungry so I ate it anyways. Also, I just don't enjoy when theres too much peppercorn, which kind of took away from the steak. Along with the filet mignon, I had steamed vegetables and potato pure as my sides and that was great.  I take my steak seriously so I kind of got turned off for dessert. It started off nicely and ended not the way I wanted too. Overall great eye candy and ambience but the food could be better if they listened to their customers needs. You just dont mess around when it comes to steak ;)",3.0
"Ate here for lunch and paid the $15 to skip the line (comes with a glass of mediocre champagne) but it was well worth it.  At $50 each + the $15, it was amazing. Here are things I enjoyed: pesto pasta, rigatoni with red sauce, endless charcuterie and cheeses, fried chicken with honey, meatloaf, mashed potatoes, char sui baos, potstickers, enchilada, bacon waffles, shrimp, sea bass, and every dessert.  I did not like the mushroom and egg puff pastry, it was bland.   Next time I'm going to do dinner, but overall this buffet is the shit.

Btw: the service was HORRIBLE.  I have never encountered a more miserable waiter in my life.  Also, the women in charge of seating people were slow and incompetent.",4.0
"I wasn't impressed. Having been to the Bellagio's Buffet and Le Village Buffet at Paris, nothing I ate here at the Wynn seems to stand out. On top of that, the automatic 18% gratuity charged on groups of 7+ made it $40 each, more than Bellagio and Paris. By comparison, Paris' dishes are more unique and tastier. The Bellagio's desserts blow this and any other place away. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here when I can go to the Bellagio or Paris for better buffets at a cheaper price, unless you're staying at the Wynn of course, in which case you don't care about the price.",3.0
"3.5 stars. Being nice for the 4. We waited in line about 30 minutes which isn't too bad all things considered. Service was good, our drinks were never empty. Everything tasted fine and was fresh, but nothing was super memorable. Nothing I crave but not a bad buffet.",4.0
"- The only thing I have tried here was Lahmacun (#1 on the menu). This is totally different from a regular pizza that you get from pizza piza or pizza hut. Lahmacun came in retangular and very thin slices that were filled up with ground beef. The pizza was extremely flavourful. They also gave me some parsleys, onions and tomatoes that went sooo well with the slices. 
- Portion: can fully feed one person, definitely not two if you are both in the hunger mood. But if you already had some food and want another dish to wrap up your meal, then one pizza should be enough for two people.
- Price: Expensive (about $12 for #1) very pricey since the portion was small, but it was worth it. 
- Place was not big tho, they do provide some sauces on each table.
- It took about 20-30mins wait for a pizza, so if you are in a rush, then you should call in half an hour before.
- Will I come back? definitely yes, I would love to try more of their food.",5.0
"holy moly. i never thought i'd stand in a line for 45 minutes in cleveland to get a gyro of all things. this line was a monster. as was the gyro i got at the end of it.

steve's gyros is located in the westside market among a bunch of other amazing food stands. just waiting in this line brought business to the other stands next to it. we got some popcorn, fresh juice, and purchased and got fresh fish cleaned while waiting! 

most of the wait was because the meat wasn't cooking fast enough for the demand! they had 3 heaters that would spin the meat and cook it. at the right moment the ladies would shave it off and cook it. i really appreciated that the lady would shout out the reasons why things were slow. it just made me a little more patient by knowing that

the pita was a little greasy for me. actually the whole thing was dripping grease out of the foil. but i ate it up anyway! my gyro was so huge and the ladies gave me so much meat i HAD to take some out. there was no way i was going to get a single bite of anything but lamb if i didn't take some out. they loaded it up! the foil could barely hold in all the meat! 

***please note: there is a sign that does say your serving depends on your attitude****
so don't waltz in there feeling entittled to anything. cause you migth get the opposite of what you asked for!

they also have these very strict rules about their business. no cutting in half. no ordering for others. better follow their rules or you'll be leaving empty handed! why? ""because i said so"" as their little sign explains",4.0
"I get it.  Airport food is not fine dining.  No big expectations.  This stuff reminds me of something out of a microwave --- in fact I'm pretty sure that is how they make it.  I'm not exaggerating.  It was bad.  I had a pizza that was worse than cheap grocery store frozen pizza.  I very rarely do the one start thing.... but this is really a warning to other yelpers.  I felt bad for the servers because they were nice and helpful, but they are in a place with bad food.  I actually found myself hoping my nice server would get a job somewhere that might give her better tips from better food.",1.0
"Food was amazing! Service was less than stellar. Waited forever on our waitress. I had asked her straight to her face to order food and she walked away. 

However, the beer was excellent and the house jerky was AMAZING!",3.0
"This place is one of those establishments where people have been true to since childhood, me being one of them. Even will see the local celebs in there from time to time, I have personally sat next to jerry calangalo ( ex owner of az sports teams, probably not spelled correctly) and others on a few notes. They have the perfect shredded beef taco, and I also enjoy there red chile burro, so try the combo. The chips are good and come non stop, I love the spicy red sauce that comes with them, it's tasty to douse pretty much everything you get with this sauce. One not so great thing is that they charge you for every soda you drink, I drink ice tea because of this - ice tea = free refils. They have good service and whenever I come across a waitress that is lack luster, they seem to disappear by the time I make it back.  It may seem tacky in there to upscale scottsdale folk but I think it has authentic written all over it. The food will back it up, great place for you and your family, but seriously stop leaving 1 dollar tips for parties over 3, I swear the cheapskates of america frequently go to Pedro's because walking out I have seen everything from 50 cents to one dollar left as a tip. I would suggest for anyone to at least go give this place a try and come open minded. It's real good!",5.0
"Ok so I've been to a few concerts here....One thing I don't like. Grey Goose Rocks....12 dollars. Yea....plastic ware and Vodka...eh....Just put me in the backyard of Jorge Lugo's house - have his mom make tamales, and kool aid in the plastic container. Yea that is just not classy. One thing that sucks...it's downstairs. So if you don't take the elevator. People are bottlenecked and herded in. 2nd sucky thing. Kids are smelly....Boys especially. So going to a rock concert. gross...smelly....sweaty...boys...who think they're hard core and they like to mosh. One thing about me....I'm a tank. Myke Smash. Yea I rock out. But I would rather you not smash your face onto my fist. It's just weird. Overall - it's ok - I've been here when it was great. But I've been to some hot smelly crappy concerts here too. I gotta knock it for drink prices and presentation. I also knock it for having cheap concerts that attract hooligans and hoodrats with their shenanigans....Whoa...that's the whitest I've sounded all day....",3.0
"Very tasty xiao lung bao. I think everything tastes similar to Ding Tai Fung, except I prefer Ding Tai Fung's stir fry shanghai noodles more. 

Only negative thing is the parking in this plaza is always full.",4.0
"This sushi place has become me and my husband's favorite sushi place on this side of town. When we first came here there was a little bump in the road. But after the first night things started getting better as we went more often. We've become friends with the wait staff and the owner. They are such amazing people. Judy, which is our favorite waitress, has a very bubbly personality and is very sweet. The sushi chefs are working in their stations as fast as they can. Not gonna lie, I personally know one of the sushi chefs, Bryan. An old friend of mine. I'm not the type of person to brag or anything but with the many times we've been coming to this spot, the staff knows us and we get some chef specials from the owner himself. He has approached us and talk to some of the customers. When the owner and the staff found out that me and my husband got married they congratulated us and gave us a dessert of our choice on the house. Even on the receipt the wait staff wrote congrats! 

I was told by my parents to treat others how you want to be treated. So therefore I have treated the people here with mad respect and I get that back from them. 

It definitely doesn't take a big name or a big space for a place to be good in quality and in service. Sometimes it can be from a tiny space that has the best service and good quality. 
Don't take my words for it, try it for yourself.",5.0
"My husband and I visit LV every 1-2 years and always have at least one meal with sushi. Growing up and having lived in Hawaii for most of our lives, we know what good sushi is and are often disappointed...but not this time!

We were in LV the first week of July and my husband searched for sushi restaurants on Yelp. This restaurant is nowhere near the strip, but it isn't a very long drive, either. We got there at about 10:00 PM after we went to a show. It's located in a small shopping center with a large parking lot. 

Although the space is small, it is just right. We were warmly greeted and seated as soon as we walked in. The seating is very close, but somehow it all works. For those who prefer, there is seating at the sushi bar. 

They have a large and varied menu, and we went for the all you can eat. We didn't eat as much as we normally do since it was a little late, but what we had was excellent! Very fresh fish and the proportion of fish to rice is perfect. No skimpy pieces of fish here. 

Something that weighs heavily on our decision to return to a restaurant is the service and Sushi Koma has top notch service. The wait staff continuously checked on us, cleared dishes and asked if we'd like to order more. We didn't even know who our ""waitress"" was because they all worked as a team and waited on all the tables. I give kudos to the staff and management for this. And they were all relatively ""younger"" and extremely pleasant and friendly. They seemed to genuinely enjoy being there. 

Needless to say, we will be eating here on our subsequent visits to LV and will recommend it to others. I highly recommend Sushi Koma!",5.0
"Ugh.....The ONLY good thing I can say about this place is that the alcohol prices are not bad, thus 2 stars and not one..
We went to see a comedy show, TPB'S Randy and Mr. Lahey, and we're extremely disappointed in the venue. We purchased the VIP tickets expecting a little more due to the fact that they were an extra $50 per ticket.  They had no VIP seating section.  As a matter of fact, several of us just grabbed tables and moved them to the lower section of the floor.  However when the show started anybody and everybody came down and stood in front to of us.  When we first went in we had to stand in another line because they didn't have the lanyards ready with the VIP badges. Then when we stood in line for the meet and greet after the show they didn't even check to see if we had VIP passes and some people got through that didn't pay the extra.  The floors were sticky, the tables were dirty, just not a good experience.  This place lacked the organization that they should have had for this kind of event.  I hope it didn't discourage these guys from coming back.  We were not the only people upset, many were.  What a huge misrepresentation.",2.0
"Went into Club Tattoo just to check it out and look for some new jewelry for my tragus piercing. I was immediately greeted and helped; the gal got the piercer, Headrick, for me and he walked me through the best types of jewelry options. I was excited to get my new piece of jewelry and really excited when he said he'd put it in for me too! He took his time with me and was friendly and personable.
     
     I hadn't planned on getting a piercing but Headrick made me feel comfortable. I decided to get my cartilage pierced; he made a few dots on my ears to let me see the different places I could get them. I really appreciated his creativity and how he gave me a different perspective. Now I'm getting a series of three in a unique spot.  Even though it was only an ear piercing, he was attentive and awesome!!

     Headrick was so professional and knows what he is doing. My piercing was quick, easy, and didn't even hurt after! He also gave me a care sheet where he wrote down the heal time, gauge, date, and jewelry change time. So professional!! And the prices were not bad at all, I'd pay anything to have such professional service, so I think I got a steal!

     I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a professional piercing. I'll be going back next time I visit! I just loved Headrick!!!

     Thank you Club Tattoo for having such a cool environment and awesome staff!! :)",5.0
"To put it simply, DO NOT STAY HERE. Checked in, and not even in the room for two minutes and we found a bed bug out in the open, chillin on a pillow! When You see one, you know there's more. We got right out of there. NEVER IN MY LIFE have I been to a hotel and had this problem!! My family and I are DUMFOUNDED. If I could put zero stars I would!",1.0
"Soooooo overpriced. If you wanna pay $50 for an old table that you could go to a garage sale or Craigslist for $10, then be my guest.  Prices $50+, dressers and dining tables over $100+....  won't come here again...",1.0
"We love this place, so yummy. Our waitress Margarita was sooooo friendly and sweet. Our food as always is divine!",5.0
"Go and see Dr. Lee !!!!!
I been wearing glasses since I was 11 , my vision started getting worse from myopia , to astigmatism until I developed keratoconus.
I spent thousands of dollars seeing incompetent doctors who just made me spend more and more on ""fittings"" , last doctor made me spend over 1000 dlls on useless hard contact lenses that hurt my eyes and keep pupping out in the middle of my day.
I went to doctor Lee, I took my toric prescription and got a full eye exam, I have to say I love the staff everyone is very friendly and professional so eye doctor visits will be fun and not scary on how much they are going to over charge per every exam, and how much is going to hurt my eyes.
Dr. Lee is amazing, also is a complete expert on toric , bifocal and sketchy prescription with very high powers like mine, I can't literally even leave my house without contacts, he just got it done the first time , didnt freak me out about the keratoconus and he was so open minded because he is a very prepared doctor, he fitted me on color contacts as well , special order for me, and clear ones for comfort while i work at the salon with hair spray, hair color, bleach and lots of chemicals.
Dont waste your money specially if you dont have insurance as me, Dr. Lee will turn your eyes and emotional health into a clear dream.
Thank you so much",5.0
"I have been here three times and each time it's been better than before.  The sausage/pepperoni pizza is soooo delicious.  The waitress said she has been there more than 20 years, she was very fun and had great service.",5.0
"I've eaten here several times before. I've always been a fan of this restaurant, the food is of great quality, the drinks always fresh and right, and the servers are always very helpful with menu options. Each time I've visited bonefish (always in a different area) has been a pleasant one. 

I recommend the bang bang shrimp for appetizer and for entree the tilapia or sea bass with the pan Asian sauce! For dessert if you are having a craving for chocolate, the flourless macadamia but brownie is melt in your mouth heaven!  All of these selections are so delicious you can't go wrong!",4.0
"After looking online a few weeks back, I noticed that there are not a whole lot of mom and pop type donut places near Henderson. Coming from L.A where there are a ton, I wanted to frequent a place I could go to whenever I had a craving for something different and not just a standard Dunkin donut or Winchells. This place has it in spades! There selection differs slightly from time to time but the donuts I have had are great. The cronuts are excellent, there banana cream pie donut is ridiculous and even though its simple, there donut with fruity pebbles on it is great as well. They do cost a little more per donut compared to the standard mom and pops and the dunkins of the world but you can taste the difference and is well worth it. Overall a place I will continue to go and highly recommend.",5.0
"Once you try pink box, you will never go back to any other chain donunt place. My favorite is the straberry short cake, fat elvis, turtle cheesecake and the cronuts satisfaction to the dot. 

I also tried the cinnamon roll. Very yummy

It is definitely a place I will come back to for donunts !",5.0
This was a very nice experience. I felt comfortable going through all those eye exams and Dr Tran was very friendly. We had a little bit of conversation at the beginning about Europe and other languages. She was very helpful explaining the difference between different contact lenses and solutions. At the end I got a pair of contacts and a sample solution for free.,5.0
"Recently ordered a couple of the combos for my family so we could try everything out. The Ribs are good, I prefer wet ribs though. The brisket was good...but I don't normally like it shredded. 
Let me tell you though...the pulled pork...wow. It was so fatty and delicious and ooooh yes. Best i've had in AZ so far. If you're looking for a pretty good bbq lunch/dinner, you cannot really go wrong here. Its so close, so I'm sure we'll be back.",3.0
"Went there for a Saturday Lunch, service was really slow as the restaurant was packed and they only had 2 waitress. People couldn't place orders or pay their bills, naturally food service is delayed too. There was 6 tables that waited 10 mintues to pay, finally the guy beside me couldnt take it anymore and walks to the cashier to pay; soon as this happens 6 other people do the same, and there was effectively no food delivery or other service until they were done 10 minutes later. 

Finally after 25minutes of wait(reminder this is for lunch) with no tea or soup, I was able to place my order. somehow my waitress did not serve me tea-It's something that comes with every Sushi restaurant so I didnt ask, after my sashimi got here with no tea, I couldn't find my waitress again to ask her for it. I gotta say its a different experience to have sashimi without tea, didnt really like it.

Food portion was average to small, not really worth the price(13.99 or 12.99). my 12 piece sashimi had 9 piece salmon in it, I got tired of salmon by the end and left two piece in the plate. As I was about to pay, a old lady(looks like shes the manager or owner) realized I did not have tea, served it to me and apologized for having too much salmon in my dish. She was sincere, the restaurant was busy, but never the less forgetting tea and have 9/12 salmon sashimi is not something I will go back for. She did not offer me any compensation for my next visit, so I would likely not go back.",1.0
"Loved it, I loved the experience I had with my friends. Great host and servers as well all friendly!",5.0
"Cant wait to come back! The baby loved it here! plenty of toys! Safe play area! Seats for the parents who dont turn kid and play along, i think it even has wifi. One the coolest baby sleepers Ive ever seeeen! like something from Portal. Go and you'll see it!",5.0
"JB located in the NoDa area is the dive bar of all dive bars. Great bartenders very down to earth & makes great drinks. JB based on some of the locals I've spoken to live by their Mac & Cheese  which comes in different flavors, my fav is the classic which is awesome to say the least. I have to admit that there is A & C squad. From my experience the later it gets the food quality changes. I've come around 12pm on Friday vs 1:30am on a Saturday and ordered the same thing with different results. 

Anyway with all that being said its still an awesome spot and they have events and live music out on the patio. Great group of people and diversity with varying music so a little something for everyone. 

I recommend the Mac and try the wings which are great. The hotdogs and chili are also a fav of  mine. JB also steams their drink glasses which was new for me. Coming from NY, that's not something I've seen in high end bars.",4.0
"I remember the first time I came to this place. 4 years ago I just moved to this side of town and was searching for a decent sushi place. Henderson is littered with sushi places but the good ones never offered AYCE. I understand that but sometimes I'm just in the mood to OD on sushi. 

Years ago they was offering a special for that time being of AYCE sushi lunch for $18.95. We took a chance since we didn't find any good AYCE sushi nearby. This place is literally a hole in the wall, being in the vicinity of a grocery store and surrounded by fast food joints such as Taco Bell & Dairy Queen. Don't let that stop you from visiting. What it lacks in trendy decor, they make it up with a good variety of sushi.

I always take and suggest Sushi Bay for guests looking for AYCE sushi. It's not expensive and the variety will make anyone happy. My sister is a diabetic and they offer enough riceless sushi for her and for anyone looking to cut down on carbs. Sushi is never formed with too much rice (like some other AYCE sushi places) and when I mean variety I mean the sushi isn't replaced with 1 ingredient  and is renamed. 

I always coming when the ""rush hour"" is over for AYCE sushi. If it's too busy you can eat at the bar. I recently ate here for their lunch special too. Their lunch special isn't anything special but is priced for a quick healthy lunch. Some reviews complain about the host/hostess and to be honest perhaps they don't want to talk so much because maybe their english isn't perfect. Who cares though? I'm not paying to talk to them. 

Will be coming back in the future just as long as they keep up the good work.",5.0
"This place is on hit legit. The sushi culture has become so main stream and expensive that its just gotten ridiculous. When I eat sushi I want good rolls and fresh fish. I seem to end up going to places where things are average but the prices are ludicrous. Those places usually have the staff dressed up as Geishas and something in a traditional Japanese gi like a scene from enter the dragon. This place not so much. 

It's small and never really crowded. Some people may look at it and wonder why but to me it means that they don't need smoke and mirrors to entertain would be customers. I dig sitting at the bar. The chefs will put on anything on the TV. It's a plus during baseball season because you can stuff your face for 9 innings while catching a game. Everything is good. I've yet to have something I wasn't a fan of. Then again if your a sushi person your probably down to try anything. My advice drop in with an appetite its worth the price.",4.0
"I've been to A LOT of buffets- but this is one of the best, especially in Vegas!!! Worth the money you spend!",5.0
"Everything was perfectly fine, the servers, staff, food etc.. BUT.. this seems to be latino cashier with glasses on in front had really bad attitude which made me almost turn around and not wanting to be back here ever again. I mean, i understand she has to deal with so many people in a day, but it's unfair for customers to be treated like they are unwelcome.",3.0
I guess if you've been to vegas many times and you dont care what you eat - go here. Same/similar food everyday and the tastes were medicore.,3.0
"This really isn't the high end buffet it purports to be. Pretty much standard non descript buffet offerings with the exception of the crab legs, which seem to be a big deal with many eating there. ...anyhow....the crabs were fine...if that's what you like then perhaps this place would work for you....onto other seafood....the premade sushi was ""meh""...the shrimp were small and water logged...like, really, just not good....the pastas I didn't even bother trying, they looked unenspired...the pizza...well...it's buffet pizza, I guess, how good could it actually be, right?..... Was sad that there were no Asian dumplings other than some Chinese pork buns. The lamb chops were nice. Not overcooked. And the roast beef was tasty enough. The desserts, again...not much to trumpet except for the mango coconut pane cotta which was so yummy I went back for seconds. Friendly and attentive waitstaff. ......

we got our buffets comped so price to value ratio didn't bother me so much. But if we had to shell out 40 bucks for this dinner buffet I would have been disappointed.  Our Indian casino back east does a comparable job at a fraction of cost...I have not  tried other more-expensive buffets in vegas...generally avoid buffets...but I would suggest if a higher end buffet experience in vegas is what you want....I would research a little before heading here.",2.0
"Ugh, the food was disappointing and disgusting. The variety was lacking and the main food was bland. The desserts looked impressive but were such poor quality that it was all I could do to keep from spitting it out! My friend felt the same way. Save yourself the time in line and go to Jean Philippe Patisserie if you want to eat in the Bellagio.",1.0
"Maybe it is that we visited on our third day, after having visited Bacchanal and Wicked Spoon... We kept exchanging 'What happened to this place?' glances during whole dinner. We - hubby, brother & yours truly - used to think that The Buffet was the BOMB but last visit left us wondering why we should ever come back.

Just few examples - 
* Salty icy king crab legs: totally not edible
* Prime rib with serious lack of flavor: I don't mean put a ton of salt, no. I mean just adequate seasoning to bring out the natural flavor
* Subpar sushi/ sashimi
* Dessert that are pretty to look at but totally deficient in bright fresh flavor or delight to a perfect end of a meal

Why not create a competitive edge with low glycemic dessert selection with stevia (not the Truvia junk... Use Stevia in The Raw) or organic blue agave syrup (Costco carries them), for example? Or how about artisanal ice cream/ sorbet that packs some awesome flavor?

Really, for the money and time (which equals to money) that we spent and for comparative selections out there... Hmmm. 

1 star for ambiance - locational advantage of being at Bellagio
1 star for service - we got our drinks & silverwares and reasonably efficient removal of used plates",2.0
"I haven't been to the Bellagio Buffet in years so i decided to go back for brunch. Everything was good quality, tasty, service was pretty good, they kept the endless mimosas coming...it was a good brunch. Nothing really was that spectacular that it stood out to comment on, but it was still a good brunch spot. One thing that i was completely disappointed with was the dessert section. As i was enjoying my brunch, i kept eyeing those french macrons. OMG, right???? They have french macrons! Who doesn't love em!?? Unfortunately, when i went to get them, they were all gone. Gone, as in not coming back out. We asked and the lady behind the counter said they were done and not making anymore. Umm? Seriously? You ran out of something at a buffet? I haven't experienced that EVER...and i definitely wouldn't have expected it at a pricey buffet at the Bellagio. Totally disappointed with that part of things. Oh well. Meh.",3.0
"this location is way better than the townsquare location. 

Friendly staff. And fast service.",4.0
"I've bought two bikes here (one for me, one for my kid), and regularly take my bike in for repairs and maintenance. The staff are polite, and the work they did on my bike has always been affordable and done promptly. A couple of times they didn't even charge me for small adjustments. As someone who loves riding but isn't a ""gearhead,"" I value their advice and they haven't led me astray yet. I was having problems with my tires going flat, and the owner recommended a different set of tires, which turned out to be fantastic - no flats since. I feel lucky to have these guys in the neighbourhood!",5.0
Out waitress was not pleasant in the least and really didn't make us feel welcome at Lago. The prices are way to high for the quality of food. My salad was 3/4 croutons 1/4 greens. My panini was extremely small and unsatisfactory. The white bean hummus dish was very good though.,3.0
I am always on a hunt for a great coffee shop and this definitely meets the expectation!  Artsy but modern atmosphere; floor to ceiling windows that open up the entire shop and a cute clothing store attached.,5.0
Blueberry banana bread!!! It was so Yummy. Everything that we have gotten for breakfast has been wonderful. At the time we go in 7am they just have opened so its quite. But the staff is always nice and on there toes. Even though it is morning you can always have a slice of famous pie or one to go!!,4.0
"Beyond good!!! Authentic Greek food and quality service! 
Clean and fresh! I highly recommend eating here!!!",5.0
"Jeff was there promptly and did a great job; rekeyed 12 tumblers and cut 10 keys. I had replaced all the hardware in the house about 12 years ago for style reasons, and really hadn't done a very good installation. Before Jeff left he had adjusted, tightened, and lubricated, and had all working like new. Oh, and did I mention, the price was unbelievable.",5.0
"We are big Pad Thai fans and search it out in every city. This is slightly different from what we've had before, the noodles are thin and short. We ordered the 2 in spice and our mouths we're on fire!
But, its great. Just a big, big portion... I suggest you split it. Seriously.
We also had the Tom Kah Soup. It only had mushrooms, chicken, onions and tomatoes. Needed more, and smaller bites. The broth was great, though. 
The staff was very friendly, and took good care of us.",4.0
Do yourself a favor and never cross pass with this company or the owner Anthony Wilhelm he is a lying shady an ethical business man that is sticking it to locals  as well as robbing tourists.,1.0
"I've been a customer of City of Phoenix water for a long time now.  I've never had an issue with them in the past.  Bill comes like clock work, never an issue paying online.  I get to use my credit card so I get reward points while paying something I have to pay anyway.

My bill is pretty standard year around, doesn't really fluctuate at all, maybe by a few dollars if I'm doing something different.  I've never been stunned, shocked, or surprised.  I tend to pay more then what my bill is so that I don't have to think about it for a few months, or so that I'm paid ahead if anything should happen like I lose my job.  They never hassle me about that, never try to return the money, they carry the credit over onto the next month so it's really nice about that.

I recently bought a house and had to switch my water services from one house to another.  No issues there, gave them a call, maybe sat on hold 10 minutes tops, my water was turned on the same day, and they provided me my new account # right over the phone.

And considering you don't really have many other options out there, they treat you pretty well.  One thing I've tended to notice about companies is when they monopolize any specific area, they usually start giving crappy customer service and start treating people like dirt because they know you have no other options of where to go.

But City of Phoenix pretty much has the market cornered on water, trash, sewer, and they don't treat you like trash.  They have always been really nice with me personally.  Not sure about other peoples experiences but I've been pretty happy with them over all.",5.0
"I called before arrival to ensure they had my size tire. They had my tire size, where most shops did not. Upon arrival I rang the bell for assistance several times before having to call on the phone to let someone know I was here. When I pulled around back they were able to get me right in. While I was waiting for them to show me the tires I was reading signs they had posted everywhere advising customers there is no warranty and they are not responsible for used tires after you leave and cash only for used tires. They also had multiple signs saying they are not responsible for any theft loss or damage to your vehicle. I mean, the fact that you even had to post this made me uneasy.  The last shop I went to they did offer 90 day money back warranty and you could pay with whatever form of payment. I was too far to go back to that other location so I stayed at Chandler tire. It wasn't the worse experience I've ever had but it wasn't the greatest. All in all I was in and out and the tires that were given to me were decent. I wouldn't go out of my way to come back here and I wouldn't refer anyone but if you're in a bind and youre close by its definitely a last resort.",2.0
"If I could eat here every day of my life, I would.  It really is that good.  I have been here a few times and every time it lives up to the hype.  So, so, so good!!!!!!!!  I love the mai tais and spicy rigatoni.  The bartenders and service are amazing.  It really is my favorite place in Las Vegas.  Soon good!",5.0
"great for an old fashioned no frills italian meal. salads are generally just lettuce, maybe a cherry tomato or slice of onion and a big heap of shredded mozzarella. pizza is decent. pasta is so-so (i got the fettucini alfredo and it was tasty but a little separated). 

everything about this place is small - parking lot, driveway, lobby, tables, dining room, servers, and most importantly - prices. definitely worth a trip back (in time).",3.0
"I scream for BLVD Creamery in the middle of the strip! The way this location looks from afar looks fairly new, clean, & like a fun candy shop. I mainly came here for the adult milkshakes! Only in Vegas where you can walk around with alcohol in your hands, but what better way for a sweet tooth to have a shake that has alcohol in it!

* Verdict:
- Cabernet Sauvignon gelato (4/5 stars): I only sampled this & it tastes exactly like the wine. It was hard to decide between a scoop of this or a milkshake.

- Prosecco gelato (4/5 stars): Tastes exactly like prosecco as well. Next trip, I'll grab a scoop!

- Adult cookie jar milkshake (3&half/5 stars): All the cookie goodness mixed with Bailey's Irish Cream & Skyy infusions vanilla bean vodka. Mix it well & you'll taste a bit of the alcohol, but the chocolate overpowers it. I didn't get much of a buzz out of it, but it was a good casual ""adult"" drink! ($15)

* Serves:
- Ice cream
- Ice cream sandwiches
- Malts & floats
- Candy
- Alcohol separately from the sweet stuff (see refrigerator on the side)

Must be 21+ to sample any of the alcoholic creams of the menu. I'd recommend this for your fun tastebuds, but the price is a bit up there.",4.0
"Came for Saturday brunch with a group. Food took an hour and a half. Food was cold and not good. I got the beef hash which was supposed to come with eggs but the server brought it out without eggs and when I asked she said it doesn't come with eggs. The beef was tough and not good. The food didn't come out together. Many orders were not correct. It took another 30 minutes to get the syrup for the French toast. Overall very poor experience. Bad food and bad service = bad restaurant. Worst of all my companion got a fruit cup that only came with cantaloupe, he hates cantaloupe.",1.0
Bought a gift card for my wife was not informed that I could only uses in Jc penny tried to get a refund for the card so my wife could go to any sephora not just in Jc penny they told me no and that they train there workers very well to make sure they tell customers but I was not informed big waste of time do not go,1.0
"Stopped by on the way to school since I thought it would convenient, didn't think much of the place since I have driven past it for years.  It's a small, clean family donut shop with a decent selection.  I got 2 dozen donuts to feed some athletes I coach. When I got to school, I had one before the kids and it was awesome.  Light and crisp texture - great tasting!  The kids went nuts over them especially the blueberry ones. They were still raving about them at practices hours later.  I have been back 3 more times and have not been disappointed - well maybe a bit when they don't have enough of the blueberry ones.  It is worth a stop!",5.0
"Starving and exhausted from a night at Chateau, my boyfriend and I were looking for an inexpensive lunch on New Year' Eve. We walked by Ocean One when we saw they  had lunch specials (on a weekend? a holiday weekend no less!) We walked in and saw it wasn't very busy. I didn't get the chance to see the reviews on yelp (gasp!) but we were pretty happy with the experience. We got seated and asked for a drink order quickly and our waitress soon enough got our lunch order. We had the calamari to start, and i had the jerk-seasoned mahi sandwich. My boyfriend got the grilled salmon. The calamari came out sort of looking like a mess, in a pool or marinara and shredded parmesan but it was actually really good. I'd never had calamari like that but it was my favorite part of our meal. The mahi sandwich was great, nicely cooked and the jerk seasonings were excellent. A little spicy but not burn my tastebuds spicy. They came with seasoned fries that looked freshly hand-cut and those were great. My boyfriend's salmon was ok. It came with shredded veggies and mashed potatoes that were also sub-par. But for about $7 each entree, it wasn't bad at all. The service was quite slow, but since the food was great, i think they deserved a better rating than my fellow yelpers had previously given them.",4.0
"Nothing is more precious than my little kitties.  I realize that made me sound like a total crazy cat lady, but admittedly I am!

So when it comes to your kitties health, you want someone to take it seriously!  I've thankfully only had to deal with them twice before.  Once for the round of kitten vaccines and neutering.  I believe for the two kittens it was around $175.  

The other issue I had was that my one cat had pretty gross eye junk (obviously technical terms I avoid).  The vet who saw me was incredibly friendly and very gentle with my little furry friend.  They were able to fill my prescription of eye drops right away so I wouldn't have to worry about it coming in.  About $50 later I was on my way.

Furry and non furry friends should feel comfortable coming here!",5.0
"Arti was fabulous and his designs spoke to my flair for bright colors and soft flowing feminine fabrics.  I'm a student of Dance and I was elated to see so many clothes that accentuate the artful gracefulness of movement. To top it off, the music playing softly in the background titillated my senses for the beautiful art of dance and everything beautiful.  

It was a beautiful experience meeting Arti and shopping at Vasari!!!!",5.0
Service was great and friendly.  Not pushy at all.  Selection was pretty good and the deals are pretty impressive.  Take advantage of the additonal sales that's tacked on the markdowns.  You can find some great gems in thar.,5.0
"I wish I could give more stars for the unbelievable service we receive from Patti . I can't even begin to tell you the amount of respect and appreciation we have for Patti and Critter Sitters. We adopted a 1lb. Feral kitten named Smudge 2 1/2 years ago . This fur baby could barely walk or hold his head up . He was in desparate need of love and support and nutrition. I had him for only two weeks and had to leave on a trip. I was so worried as it is extremely difficult to trust anyone to be responsible , accountable and dependable in Las Vegas in general . Patti came right over . She genuinely cared about Smudgie and about us . She wanted to meet us and the kitten and discuss everything that we wanted. She fell in love with our kitten and I could just tell she was going to care for him . She was very thorough in discussing the care we felt we wanted for him. She even asked if we preferred tap water or the filtered water from the fridge , cold or room temp . She asked which vet would care for him in case of an emergency . I just can't even explain the comfort level I feel . She has had the key to my home for two years now . I travel quite a bit and trust her implicitly . I even locked myself out of the house one day at 6am and she drove over to let me in ! She is just a genuine human being who loves her clients and their fur babies. There is not an ounce of deception or fakeness in her soul . She is a true angel to animals . She sends me the sweetest texts of my boy every time she visits . It makes me feel good to know he is loved while I'm gone. when I return home , he is calm and happy , so I know she has spent time with him. Patti has become part of our family . Our kitten still exhibits feral behavior and he doesn't take to people easily. You must invest time , love , patience and caring before he shows affection. It took Patti som, but he bonded with her and I feel so comfortable having her to rely on at a moments notice. You really should give Patti a try .Her rates are more than reasonable for the service she provides. SHHH don't tell her . : ) Patti @ Critter Sitters is by far the best kept secret in Las Vegas !",5.0
South Point Animal Clinic is the best clinic in Phoenix. My poor pup wasn't feeling well so I called the clinic and they saw me on a short notice. The staff there is incredibly friendly. They truly care about you and your pet. Patty O'Berin was our vet and she was amazing.,5.0
THE BEST customer service!! Brian is so friendly and helpful! Donuts are good. Not to die for. Brian took the time to look up names of local eateries for us. He was rockin' to Billy Idol. Nice guy!,5.0
"Beautiful ambiance followed up by great service. The restaurant is located inside the Wynn hotel-- what more can you expect right?

Japanese decor inside and out. Sushi, nigri, robata grill, and hibachi items on the menu. Ordered a few things off the appetizer and robata grill menu. YUM-O!

Blackened miso cod-- delish and almost breaks down in your mouth as you eat it.
Uni butter pasta - small portion, but very tasteful and rich.
Sea bass - also small portion but flavorful and nearly ""melts"" in your mouth.

Everything was great, as well as dessert. Creme brulee (never a fail) and the sorbet.",4.0
"Had breakfast at TC's this morning and was seated immediately. Very odd considering that it was 10:00 on a Sunday morning and there were a ton of people sitting outside waiting for a table. And no, we did not do call ahead seating either. Felt kinda bad if we did accidentally take someone's table but I was starving and what the heck was I supposed to do?
First thought when sitting down was that the uniforms that the waiters and waitresses had to wear were absolutely ridiculous and unflattering. Waist high mom khaki shorts with pastel polo's and loafers? WTF? The husband and I thought maybe they were going for an Easter theme? I actually felt bad for these poor kids. Yes, I say kids because most of them appears to be in their 20's. I also noticed that none of them were unattractive. I thought the stepford wife description I have seen in several reviews was an exaggeration but I can confirm that it is not. 
I liked that they had a carafe of ice water on the table. Also ordered the pina colada smoothie shoogle. WTF kinda name is that anyways? Well it was decent but there were lots of ice chunks and pineapple at the bottom of the glass that did not get ground up. For my meal, I ordered the farmers market eggs benny with potatoes. It was ok, just mediocre in my opinion. Being that eggs benny is my favorite breakfast, I have eaten a lot of them in my lifetime. This was one just not memorable for me. The eggs were cooked fine and overall, it was ok but the hollandaise was kinda bland not to mention was separating (I could see oil or butter separating from it) and the avocado was a little brown for my liking. The potato's were alright but nothing special. The hubby ordered the spicy Spain omelet with potatoes. The menu clearly states that it is ""drenched with salsa and sour cream."" Yet, when it arrived, there was no sour cream. I asked the waiter and she stated that that omelet no longer comes with sour cream but she would bring us some at no charge. She later told us that the next time we ordered that omelet, make sure to ask for a side of sour cream. WTF? I guess I am just confused as to why they can't just change the description on their menu? In any event, the hub said his omelet was simply k but didn't have enough filling in it. He also said that by topping the omelet with salsa and cheese and then heating it under the broiler, the salsa had a weird consistency and that he would rather have had the salsa on the side cold instead of warm. To each his own I suppose but the fact that his omelet, like my Benedict, was nothing memorable makes me not want to go out of my way to return here for breakfast. I will say that the apple cinnamon jelly on the table was good for the first few bites but it was a bit too sweet and Cinnamoni for my liking. I also didn't even think of it before but one reviewer had a great point about the ""community jelly."" Who knows how many nasty little mutants have licked the spoon or used that spoon on an already bitten piece of toast. 
My final thoughts: As stated before, I would not go out of my way to return. However, if someone else wanted to go or we were in the area, I wouldn't put up a fight to try it again. I would probably order the crab pastry benny next time and see if that is decent although with my meal today, I don't hold high hopes.

PS: I noticed that there were doors separating the rooms so this may be a decent spot to go if you were having a large breakfast party or meeting",3.0
"Whenever we are in Arizona, dinner at Tutti Santi in Scottsdale is a must.  The atmosphere is fun and lively with those quiet corners if so desired.  The staff is excellent - ask for Brooklyn Johnny or Giovani - they bring an excellent knowledge of food and wine, along with laughter to your meal. 

The food is outstanding - never a bad meal. Whether you have the special or something off the menu, you won't be disappointed.  Don't see something you like, no worries, they will take a menu item and customize it to your liking.  Just to name a few - Veal Caprese, veal canoloni, linguini and clams. It doesn't get much better. 

Follow up an outstanding dinner with a homemade cannoli and a shot of sambuca.  When you're at Tutti Santi you're family.",5.0
"Trevor, the manager made this experience really good. To be honest we did not get the chance to enjoy our meals in the restaurant because of our time limit. Our company came here during our one hour lunch break and we had to rush getting in and out with only one server on the floor. The manager personally went into the back and helped with cooking, packing, and processing payments. Due to our circumstance we were given a 20% off discount on our meals. Although, we could not sit to enjoy we enjoyed our food to go and it was amazing. It was a bit rushed but considering the circumstance I cannot deduct from the quality and service. Their intentions here were very well, the manager and server were extremely apologetic and sweet. I will be going back again when we do not have a time limit and sit down to enjoy. Thanks Trevor!",4.0
"First time here and Groupon brought me in. Very flavorful food and very kind, nice server. The owner even came out to ask if everything was ok, which is always a nice thing to do. Plus, belly dancing entertainment! What a fun Saturday evening spent! P.S. Hummus, freshly baked pita bread and shawarma were fabulous!",5.0
"One of the best dining experiences I have had in a long time. Our waiter was extremely pleasant. My girlfriend and I also enjoyed how the servers were educated on the dishes and would explain them to us upon bringing them to our table. It was that little something extra. Chef Keller was also there for our dining experience and gave us a sample of a dish and a plate of petite fours to cap off our meal. Both were delightful. The food (we both ordered the tasting menu at $90/pp) was incredible. Chef Keller is a culinary genius. The truffled onion soup was perfect, the chorizo wrapped sea bass was such a great blend of flavors and the Filet Mignon was cooked to perfection. This restaurant is a must if you are visiting Las Vegas.",5.0
"I try not to give out too many 5 stars, not because I'm a snob [although I kind of am when it comes to food], but it's because those 5 stars to me, speak of something special.  And Fleur de Lys is something special.  I've never been to Hubert Keller's flagship restaurant in San Francisco, so I have nothing to compare this to, but I can compare it to other places I've been.  This place rocks.

The 4 course prix fix menu was, for me, the way to go.  Yes, it was expensive [$89 w/o drinks], but let's think about this:  If you're going to Fleur de Lys, you almost have to forget about the price.  For 2-3 hours, you just have to get that out of your head and relax.  The 4 courses:

Truffle Onion Soup
Chorizo Wrapped Sea Bass
Braised Short Ribs with Guiness Reduction
Warm Chocolate Fondant Cake

The menu built quite a crescendo until you're knocked out by the decadent chocolate molton lava cake.  The start of the dinner was not light, by any means, but as he courses built, the flavors got more intense and the richness was there without being overpowering.

Great, great restaurant.  One of the best in Vegas.

Yes, it's pricey.  And if you're expecting them to feed you and dab the corners of your mouth with the money you spend, it would be understandable.  But I really have to say that this was an extraordinary dinner and for 2-3 hours, I just didn't let the prices bother me.  I just played few less hours of slots and poker. :)",5.0
Fantastic menu from chef Lupe - great service from Dragana - you made our 50th birthday celebration rock!!  Make sure to try the grilled octopus...,5.0
"Went for lunch on a lazy Thursday, ordered the $25 burger medium rare. It came back dry and well done. The bartender apologized profusely (too profusely, but whatever), and I ordered a BLT instead. It was OK, too rushed; the bacon was rubbery and the bread barely toasted. I expected a lot more.",2.0
I enjoyed escaping the summer's heat. To enjoy a cool fruit drink. And a hot chicken sandwich with cheese. The place is nice & clean. Did I point out that this was my first time in. I will definitely return because of the helpful staff that took time to educate me on all the drinks. If your looking for a healthier choice this is the place. And I must admit its quite yummy!,4.0
"After filling up at the buffet, I needed a drink to keep me awake for the drive home.  Baby Cakes definitely has that in mind when it comes to their large sized iced coffee drinks.  The Big Gulp sized container did not fit in the stroller cup holder but thankfully did in the car.  

Iced latte had a really good flavor.  I didn't bother asking how many shots went into this monstrosity of a drink but at least it tasted good.  It somehow kept me awake for the drive home so no complaints here.  Last stop for a good coffee when leaving Las Vegas!",4.0
"Not your ordinary sandwich! 
Now I have read some of the comments that the sandwiches are over priced, or should I say more expensive than most sandwiches. Well, this isn't your typical deli. First off, if you can finish the whole sandwich I am impressed. I have a hearty appetite and I am perfect with just half a sandwich. That is another half for another meal. Talking dollars here. Now let's break down the Pane Bianco creation:

Fresh Ingredients: There is nothing more important than fresh vegetables, cheese and meats. Pane Bianco hits the mark on this qualification. 

Seasoning: Love the dressing they used on my Soppressata sandwich. 

Bread: Good luck finding a better bread for your sandwich. Delicious and right out of the oven.

Atmosphere: I like it. I know some people had issue with it, but this place is about a simple menu with a simple process to get you seated and eating ASAP. 

My favorite place for a $5 sandwich. Yeah, there is enough for two meals!!",5.0
Loved loved loved this place!  Everything was excellent from the food to the vino!!! And it is open Sunday nights. Great interiors also.,5.0
This is a solid addition to the restaurant scene. A very unique setting. The food is well prepared but can be hit and miss. Milk fed lamb was just cooked right and the tenderloin was juicy. Not a bad start and hopefully they will round out their service a bit. Our waitress was clueless.,4.0
"Well.... We were a little disappointed. We were promised that we could get away with buying one drink and using the using the hookah discount. However, they automatically charged us with two drinks with a new waiter. Well played, sir, well played.",2.0
"Appetizers are half off on Wednesdays,  which is an excellent deal,  you get a ton of food.  Wait staff is very friendly,  and service was good.  Portions are very large,  and there is always a lot to take home.  Try the chicken Philly and the nachos grande",5.0
Our work team stopped by on a corporate scavenger hunt and Isiah was a great host and all-around good guy!  The smoothies are fantastic as well!  Thanks for the wonderful hospitality!,5.0
"So after my Friday mom group I heard that there was a new cafe that all the moms frequent after wards so my friends and I headed over there strollers in tow. 

First of all why this is a hot spot for moms is beyond me since there is hardly anywhere to put a stroller and no where to change your kid in the bathroom (quickly found out when my friend's 6 month old had a poonami).

So the three of us crowded around a table for two and we each ordered a sandwich and drink. I ordered a green tea latte while my other friend ordered a mocha. Not even close. My friend tasted hers and turned her nose saying that it didn't even taste like coffee - it just tasted like frothed warm milk, whereas mine tasted just like coffee but with a tea bag floating in it. Gross. 

So we went back to the barista and told her that the drinks didn't taste right. They then decided to argue with my friend saying that her mocha was right despite the fact that there was obviously NO coffee in her drink - it was pure white, and that that is how you make a green tea latte: with a shot of espresso. 

Now I'm an avid tea drinker, I don't touch coffee, and let me tell you: that is NOT how you make a make a tea latte unless you want a disgusting one. I told her that that is obviously not how you make one because wouldn't the coffee drown out the taste of the tea thus making the whole point of having tea in it useless in the first place? She begrudgingly made it over again.

If it wasn't for my yummy brie and cranberry sandwich the whole experience would have been a write off. If its one thing I know for sure - its not to sit there and fight with the customer especially when you know you're in the wrong, or even when you're in the right, because customers always know best. Especially mothers who need their caffeine fix. Don't fuck with those ones. They'll cut you.",2.0
"Been coming here for 10+ yrs (3 kids) & since Dr Conti's death, this practice is failing fast.  Longer waits ( fewer people waiting) staff has gotten RUDE!  Time to look for a new Dr.",2.0
"I was disappointed in actually staying here. Islands Sushi just recently closed, my deluxe room with a view that I reserved wasn't available (only smoking rooms were) and Ivory, who works at the front desk, wasn't friendly or helpful. It really is a shame because The Plaza always looked beautiful to me as a visiting guest. Spending the night here changed the way I see this place. I don't think I will stay here again.",2.0
"So I did it. I stayed at the Plaza for a little staycation for 3 nights for my birthday. Despite all the negative reviews they were having a promotion buy 2 nights get 1 night (wednesday only) free so I said what the heck ill stay there. We paid $90 bux TOTAL for 3 nights..tues wed and thurs. That also included the $10/night ""resort fee"" which is bs. So the fee includes 2 bottles of water in your room for every night u stay, wi-fi and access to the pool and gym.  The pool was fine it was small but it was clean and they played music so I have no complaints about that. The gym if you can even call it that, had a handful of extremely outdated cardio machines and guess what they did not work. Only 1 machine in the whole room worked and it was the 1990 elliptical! They had one weight machine and some dumbbells but i wanted to do cardio so I was disappointed. The wi-fi worked and I got my water 2 nights during my stay I did not get any on my 3rd day. So resort fee is crap. Next the rooms. We got 2 queens in the South Tower and we got a smoking room. Now bf and I dont smoke but we thought if any of our friends came down they could smoke in the room. Bad bad bad idea. The hallway getting off the elevator reeked of smoke then the room was just stank. It was to be expected but even 2 air fresheners didn't help the room smell any better.  The sink was clogged and slow draining the whole time and the bathroom was so tiny. There were stains on the floor and it always felt wet so we had wear shoes the whole time. But alas it is the Plaza. My biggest complaint was that the power was out for a while and when we called the front desk to complain the lady who answered said it was no fault of theirs bc it was ""an act of god"". Did she really just say that? We asked if they had backup generators and they said yes but only for emergencies.  Not that the power going out is an extreme emergency but come on its 100+ degrees in the summer in Vegas and im paying to sit in a room with no air and no tv and ""its an act of god"" is the best you can come up with? Straight bs. 2 stars are for the Pop Up Pizza place and the price we paid for 3 nights was hella cheap. What can I say you get what you pay for. I wont be back.  Deuces Plaza.",2.0
"Thought this may be like a lot of hip-at-the-moment places, more sass than substance which is common for the Toronto scene. But there is something substantial here. Tacos. Some very tasty tacos. Not SD or Tijuana level but surprisingly good. Overpriced but not for the Toronto market. Service is a bit spotty given the crowds but the place has a nice vibe and energy. I think the take-no-BS servers may throw some people off though. The crazy lines and debit/cash situation also add to the ""attitude"" labels but that may float your boat",4.0
They never have strawberries and always out of yogi so don't expect to get what you want. The drive through wait is ridiculous and they only have one person!!! Ugh..,1.0
"I'm not sure I'd go so far as to say that The Mission is ""as good as it gets"" like the five star rating suggests, BUT this place is pretty damn good. I've read some mixed reviews, and was hesitant about spending the money and hitting an off night, but when my wife and I ate here it was fantastic! 

The entry way through the open courtyard is very inviting, the decor and lighting is classic and dark, yet hip and upbeat at the same time. The music does have a surprising range to it, but it all worked for us and it actually added another side to the dining experience that you don't usually find. It FELT like a night out at a lounge and that's what we were going for. The service was top notch: our server was knowledgeable and friendly, and the food came on time but not too fast. Gave us just enough time in between to enjoy our drinks (I recommend the Caiprihina... I had three and they are super tasty, especially in the hot weather). The manager or owner even came by at one point to ask how everything was. 

The food was delicious, and just like others have said, there are so many things to choose from! We had three dishes from the tapas menu and combined they were plenty of food for us both. We had the duck empenadas, some kind of flat gorditas, and one of the pork belly selections. My favorite was the pork, and although the duck was good, the dough on the outside was a bit too thick and overwhelmed the filling a bit. The flavors were wonderful though, and we left very satisfied and not one regret about the price. Stop by for a fun night out!",5.0
"We went for Sunday brunch, this place is almost perfect, unfortunately we got stuck with the worst server in the place (we could tell because all the tables around us were getting great service).  The setting is ideal, by the pool at palms place, bright with tons of windows.  We felt like we were in a little oasis away from the strip.

You could tell a lot of original thought went into the sunday brunch as there were a bunch of things I'd never really encountered before at a buffet (candy bar, breakfast pizza, pyjama attire, junk food dessert, white trash menu, fresh smoothie bar etc, etc).  Refreshing these days where every bar tends to copy each other by calling itself some derivation of ""social house"" (same decor, same food, same overpriced food, same, same...give me something unique!)

Anyways I'm getting off topic, but all I really need to say is that the simon Sunday brunch is really worth checking out, it's one of the best food establishments I've been to in Vegas.  Perfect setting, delicious food, and a unique concept.  A bit pricy at $38 per person, but I think worth it.  If you want to take advantage of the deluxe bloody Mary bar or the champagne bar it's extra $.

A couple of my favourites from the meal:
 - simon roll from the sushi bar
 - junk food platter, make sure to use the take-out container from the carmel corn to stock up at the candy bar on the way out.
 - freshly made smoothies, i tried a couple and i liked the berry one the best (the chocolate protein one the least)",4.0
"Yes, it is a bit convoluted getting to this place from the Palms casino floor.. two elevators.. long winding corridors.. two moving walkways (lots of twists and turns). But when you do finally get to the place you'll be pleasantly surprised.. for this is one of the best 'casual dining' restaurants on the Strip. Before a concert at The Pearl, we did all apps.. all very good... ahi tuna tartar.. crab-cake (exceptional).. sashimi.. pear-endive, blue cheese salad.. and there's more very interesting items to choose from.  Service was top notch (Stacey).. and the total bill was half what you'll pay in many other places. Do happy hour from 3 to 6 and the savings improve. One note to management.. put a Cloudy Bay sauvignon blanc on the wine list and the whole experience goes from 4.5 to 5 stars.",4.0
"They do offer free services but they are a super pro life group with pictures of Jesus everywhere lol. They do offer free testing services, but I think Choices is a much better center to go to if you're looking for a staff that is friendly. The office also smells weird...",2.0
Extremely friendly ladies working here! I came in to get some ink refills and I was welcomed in and got a great deal on two cartilages. For being my first time I got a coupon off for next time and was given directions on what might happen when my printer reads the inks (didn't happen) but it's always good to be prepared. I was told to call the store if any issues came up and I felt I could instantly call the store to ask for help without feeling clumsy for missing any information. Ink works great no issues and it's been about two weeks now. Definitely coming back when I run out and highly recommend you come by as well.,5.0
"Wow the reviews couldn't be more accurate. This place is the worst! The girls working there are clueless! I went in to try Mac Foundation for the first time (my Guerlain had run out). I explained what I was looking for (sheer coverage as I don't care for matte or dewy look). The girl picked out the mineral foundations and told me to sit down. Told me, not ask me. I humored her and took a seat. She proceeded to spend about ten minutes on my face and when I looked in the mirror I was shocked. Was she color blind? I politely stated that I really believed this foundation looked really heavy on me and didn't look right. It looked really cakey. I asked if she had something lighter and she got really snarky and said ""if I go any lighter you'll see everything and it will look like you're not wearing anything at all"". Ummm that is the point of foundation you dummy I thought to myself but before I could get another word off she walked away and started helping another customer as I am still seated in the chair. Apparently she was done??? So I left the Mac counter with this mess face and stopped briefly at Dior where a very nice older lady immediately looked at my skin and was like ""oh honey sit down let me fix this for you"". It was THAT bad! Save your money and your time.",1.0
"The only reason that I have been returning to this salon for the past year is Huey. Hands down...he is the best!!! I have tried other nail salons in a crunch and my nails fall off, break and don't last.  I would rather go with no gel nails then to see someone other than him, he's that good.  Not only is the service excellent, its nice to sit.. talk and laugh with him.",5.0
Khina's been doing my eyebrows since she was at Galleria. She's the best!! Very friendly and professional. I live quite far from her new shop but definitely worth the drive. She's the only one I trust!,5.0
"My Monday from hell started off with a blowout on the freeway.  After a quick change-out with the spare, I made it into work where the first thing I did was log on to Tedwiens.com to schedule an appointment.  I received a phone call from service manager, Carrie who assured me she could get me taken care of today and immediately put my mind at ease.  

On my drive over, I couldn't help but think about how I was probably going to get gouged in the repair cost because they knew I was desperate.  After a speedy check-in with a very-friendly staffer, I was elated to hear the exact opposite would be the case!  It was Carrie who again saved the day by telling me my old tire could absolutely be repaired and for only $21!! 
I even think I was in and out of there in under an hour!  I just wanted to give everyone there a big hug.
Thanks again, Carrie (and the rest of the helpful and personable staff!), for turning a crappy day into a great one!",5.0
"This review is for the Automotive Department. I was so happy after bringing my Porsche Cayenne here for a safety inspection to get my Ontario Plates. The service was quick, fairly priced and they gave great customer service. Unlike the service reps at the Porsche Dealership on Front Street. It was a relief that I didn't have to take my vehicle there for the safety check - it would've no doubt cost double and been served with a sh!tty attitude. So thanks again Canadian Tire Auto Dept! You guys rock!",5.0
"I'll never understand this place and the logic. They would rather try and charge me a $5 cover charge than to just let me come in and spend $30-$40 on drinks!
     A cover charge? To see a crappy band? 
  They seem to stuck on booking tribute bands, which in my opinion is just about the worst type of band! And again, A COVER CHARGE!
 Used to be a fun place with good music. Not anymore, which is sad since it's so close. 
Maybe someday they'll get a clue and realize charging a cover is a losing proposition.",1.0
"I am typing this review on my iMac, which wasn't possible a week ago. After having the hard drive finally crash, I was forced to get the computer fixed. I learned several years ago that the Apple Genius Bar isn't a bar, and is far from having ""geniuses"" there, so that wasn't an option for me. The last local company that repaired my Mac is no longer in Vegas, so I did a quick Yelp search and found Chaz at MacCure. 

All the reviews indicated the service and knowledge from Chaz was top notch. I placed a call into MacCure and spoke to Chaz direct. He was no nonsense and direct with me on the phone, which I appreciate in a world full of being told what I want to hear, and not what I need to hear. He immediately diagnosed the problem and directed me to purchase a new internal hard drive for the iMac. Once purchased he asked me to call him back and gave me the cost breakdown for what he would do to get the computer up and running. 

After a quick trip to Fry's for the new hard drive, I met Chaz at his home where he operates his business. Chaz was super knowledgeable about all things computers and Apple products, which was backed up by the various Apple certificates adorning the wall of his office. He told me everything would be up and running in 24 hours.

A day later, I was picking my iMac up, which was up and running with the latest OS. Chaz also went through the computer and made sure there was no malware from before. Chaz isn't cheap, which in my opinion is a good thing when you are dealing with data recovery and computer maintenance. Whats the price of all your data being saved and back on your computer worth?

When you need help with your computer system, info technology or other digital devices, Apple or not, give Chaz a call. He'll be straight with you, and if he cant help you, he will tell you and refer you to the right person. I am definitely taking my stuff to MacCure from here on out.",5.0
"One of my friends showed up at my work today with a pink box.  Who doesn't like a bakery box handed to them?  That box was loaded with cupcakes, chocolate peanut butter, red velvet and cinnamon toast.  I only tried the peanut butter today, but the cupcake was fresh.  The icing was delish.  I cannot wait to go to the actual store.  I can see we are headed into a beautiful relationship.

Part II
I was on that side of town yesterday and actually visited the store front. It is like a mecca, walking in there.  Great place to take kids.  There is a wall of candy and a sprinkle topping bar for kids to decorate their cupcakes.   Great idea.  The cupcake flavors are fabulous, they offered vanilla and chocolate cupcakes with all kinds of flavored icings, vanilla, chocolate, bailey's irish creme, frangelica, strawberry, peanut butter and coconut.   Basically bad news bears if you are trying to cut out fat.",4.0
"Decided to come here because of the delicious looking pictures and the 5 star rating. The restaurant was empty with 2 other couples. The space was clean, roomy, and the one waitress was very nice. We found the prices to be quite high. 

With that being said, I decided to order the dumpling ramen. When my dish came, it turns out what appears to be TOP RAMEN! I was very upset paying $8 for this bowl. 

My boyfriend ordered the kalbi rice bowl. The flavour was tasty, but super oily and salty. Moreover, the Korean style side dishes were just bizarre. 4 small cups (mini spicy shelled shrimp, fish patties, flavourless bean sprouts, and black beans?) This dish was a whopping $20.

Additionally, he spent an extra $2.50 for tea flavored water. They must have waved the tea bag over the pitcher. 

Also, this restaurant is billed as a sports bar, but we were watching the local news instead of the NFL wildcard game. 

Should of gone with our gut feeling of eating elsewhere since there are delicious Korean diners down the street.",1.0
"This is certainly one of the coolest things I've ever done in Vegas. I wanted to do something different for my birthday.... and this place didn't disappoint! I kept it a secret from the people in my party, and they were all pretty much blown away. Speak easy.... and don't draw attention when you wait to be brought inside. The ambiance was amazing, a total contrast from Commonwealth. The bartender came over and sat down to go over the menu, and even adjusted one of the regular cocktails for one of us. No piano player, but a fantastic experience all the same. This will be a regular spot every time I'm in Vegas from this point out!",5.0
"I tried this place a few months ago but forgot to Yelp it for some reason. I had high hopes. It's close to my work and could have been a regular lunch destination. Unfortunately, I have not returned and don't plan to any time soon.

I believe I ordered the Beef and Lamb Mixed Platter. I can't put my finger on it, but it just wasn't satisfying. Perhaps it was a little too dry for me. It wasn't terrible by any stretch, but just as my star rating says, I've experienced better.",2.0
"This is one of the best shows I have seen on the strip.  Frank Marino is amazing.  I have had opportunity to see him up close and it is still can't tell he wasn't born a woman.  His cast and crew are all excellent performers, the dancers are amazing and there are plenty of laughs throughout the show.  I have plans to attend the show again the future.

I have heard that they are currently showing in a showroom that is sub par during renovations in their normal theater.  Please don't hold that against them.  The show in their normal showroom is amazing.",5.0
I have once again returned to Joe's this time to sample his BBQ beans and home made rootbeer. I loved every bite and every sip. I also ate a whole slab of ribs by myself so please don't judge me because they were that damn good. Till next time enjoy yourself and indulge.,5.0
"The place its self is a real neat building. Love the huge mural on the inside, the old tractor and ample space. I like the simple farm decorations. The exterior has many picnic tables for large groups with pergolas. The line to order your food, maybe because it was my first time, was hard to find. After wondering around we found it. 

The service, well its ok. Kind and straight to the point. Its a cafeteria line.

I ordered the turkey jalapeno sausage, it was dry with no real character of flavor.  The hot and spicy sauce was not hot nor spicy. The pickle bar was pretty good and I enjoyed the water melon.

Price was ok. About $13 for a one meat dish with one side and drink.",3.0
This place was a huge disappointment to say the least.  Ordered the machaca burrito plate which came with rice and beans.  Everything was very bland.  The machaca was mushy (not even sure how you get it that way).  Made me wonder if it was frozen then microwaved or something.  Needless to say I won't be back,1.0
First time here. The menu items are great and the staff friendly. It's a small diner feel very humble and friendly. They say they have big portions here. Bring your appetite,3.0
"There isn't anything at this hotel that really stands out. The rooms are more affordable than some of the other hotels on the strip, but you get what you pay for. My wife was attending a conference here, so we didn't have a whole lot of say in where we stayed. The standard rooms have tons of popcorn ceiling texture, dated wallpaper and furniture, and the bathrooms are nothing special.

The casino isn't that great either, luckily Paris and Bally's are connected so you can just walk over to Paris for more choices on games and a better atmosphere.

All in all, it's a good enough place to stay if you want something cheaper, but you should walk to other places for your entertainment.",3.0
"If you've ever stayed at any hotel ever, then stay away from this place.  I travel weekly for work, and the front desk, bell desk, and door staff fail on every mark.  I received the absolute worst service I've ever experienced at a hotel.",1.0
"For an artisan pizzeria, it's pretty good. 

Not so spectacular that I will insist that all my friends go there, but if someone suggests it, I certainly won't argue against their decision to take me there.

Also, their crepes. Delicious.",3.0
"Overall, our experience here was great! The food was absolutely perfect. No complaints. The place was busy and the wait staff was a bit preoccupied, so our check took a bit longer to come. Also, valet was pretty much the only way to park because the street parking was full for blocks. Music? It was amazing. The background music sounded a lot like 70's girl pop from Italy and psychedelic jam bands from the 60's-70's. 'd it!",4.0
"We sat at the (very small) bar to wait for a table. There are maybe six seats,  so we couldn't be missed. No server or bartender acknowledged us or made eye contact.  We sat 8 minutes,  maybe 9, unbelievable.  I don't care how busy you are,  say hello.  Very  disappointed. Needless to say,  we left.",1.0
"Semi-fast casual breakfast, lunch, and brunch place. The food is amazing quality, touting organic options, mostly locally sourced, vegetarian and gluten free possibilities. I had the French toast (the top seller) which was a locally prepared hard French bread dusted with cinnamon and powdered sugar with a citrus glaze, dipped in maple and a side of fruit. The last had the heirloom tomato (caprese) salad topped with bright flowers. 

The high point aside from the great flavor and freshness was the presentation. One wouldn't expect it from such a casual affair (which has high rolling lawyers and even the Mayor of Phoenix dining on occasion.)

The low point is the portion size which isn't huge but don't let this deter you because where quantity only slightly lacks, the quality makes up for it quickly. 

The owner is a super genuine and nice guy and the staff is happy to help and informative. One of the best local spots we've been to in a while.",5.0
"I came here for some breakfast on a Sunday.  It looked like a good place to try so I came in.  Not being able to eat wheat there is a limited menu but I settled on the Quiche with fruit and an Americano.  The Americano was decent but not as good as my little espresso maker can make at home which I had one earlier.  The Quiche was also pretty good but I could tell it was not baked that day because it was served ice-box cold!  It looks like, for the most part this place is all about freshness and quality.  They even have organic coffee.  If the quiche had been baked that day I don't think they would have needed to store it in the refrigerator.   It was pretty good cold, I imagine it would be great warm.   The fruit was fresh and I'm glad that was cold!

The rest of the food that went by looked really good.  Too bad I can't eat bread because there were a few things I would try here!  Overall cute place and I would come back here again.  I see they have some draft beers here and grass-fed angus burger.",3.0
"Great pizza, many style and types to choose from. Greek salad with their own homemade dressing is delicious. My only complaint is the lettuce to topping ratio is way off, I would like more olives, onions, tomatoes, or cucumber.  But never the less, I get one every time.   Over all very good",4.0
"I'm here right now and I'm so distraught by the way the owner (I guess?) basically told us to go by 8:30 cause tonight they're closing early. Then in a very rude way told us to only sit on the right side of the restaurant cause they're cleaning and closing. By the way there's probably another 10 people here right now so I'm not sure why he's so eager to kick us out. Don't care what the food tastes like, he was rude enough that I don't want to come back.",1.0
"Easily the best micro brewery in Tempe. It is very much a hidden gem tucked away on 8th street! Their Peach beer is refreshing, the spicy lettuce wraps are to die for, and tours for the brewery are $10 with a beer included. Nice outdoor atmosphere! I suggest parking on the street or there is additional parking behind the building!",5.0
"abulsute  horrendous expierence with the manager  and front desk at this hotel. they double charged me for parking, and threatened  to call the police because i was becoming ""beligerent"". 
im contacting hilton HR to demand this guy gets fired or reprimanded.",1.0
"Decided to go to Murphy's law for breakfast. Usually good service and breakfast. Arrived at 10:35 on a Sunday. About 5 tables of people , 12 in total.  1 server and 2 guys working the bar. Took until 10:55 to even place order. Order was coffee and American breakfast. Since I have been here I have seen customers get their coffee refilled twice and at 11:07, still have need received my first cup. WTF ! Guys at the bar are obvious talking about NASCAR and Basketball.  Just received coffee at 11:09, 34 minutes after I got here !!! Got breakfast at 11:11. Hash Browns are cold and had to ask for silverware. Sever was friendly and she did apologize, but she should have asked for help. Murphy's not high on my list anymore considering the choices available now in Downtown Chandler. Finally received bill. If I was them, I would have given me coffee for free. Tell service staff they have the power to make positive customer decisions !!",1.0
"I contacted Julie to see if she would be able and willing to do some work on a suit that I needed for a very important interview I had coming up (date and time unknown at this point). I was looking to get the pants hemmed up a few inches, my sleeves shortened, and some alterations made to the shoulders to prevent them from protruding out too far. She agreed over the phone that it would be no problem, and I met up with her at her place in order for her to take my measurements. She explained her pricing (very fair) and that her average turn-around time was one week. This was on Monday morning.

On Monday afternoon, I received the call from my interviewer saying my interview would be held on the following Tuesday at 7:00am. I immediately called Julie and left her a message saying that I would definitely need my suit by that Tuesday at 7:00am. Based on her previously quoted week turn around time, I didn't imagine this would be a problem but I understood it might still be a tight crunch, and that's why I called to let her know.

On Thursday of that week, I called her again just to check and make sure everything was OK and on schedule. Again she promised that everything was fine and it was all going to be OK and that she would ""definitely have it ready by [my] interview.""

The following Monday at 11:42am, I received the text message: ""Hello Eric... I have completed your pants and 1 sleeve... have to get ready for work now but I will finish this for you I promise... it will be ready for you for your interview for tomorrow."" I texted her back and asked if she had any idea of when it might be ready, but I didn't hear back from her. 

So, at 10:30pm that night I called and spoke to her. She said she hadn't started working on it yet as she just got off from work and she informed me that she had also decided not to do any alterations to the shoulders like we had originally agreed on because she already shortened one of the sleeves the full length and if she made any further alterations to the shoulder the whole sleeve would come out too short, and she didn't want to bother with having to undo the sleeve hem she already made thereby having to start over. Seems to me that if the sleeve length is, say, 2 inches too long and you have to take the shoulders in  1/2 inch, you'd only alter the sleeves 1.5 inches to allow for that extra half inch at the top (""Alterations 101,"" right?). Instead, she offered to finish shortening the second sleeve and call it a night and said I could bring it back to her at a future date and she'd do the shoulders for free. I reminded her I needed it for an extremely important interview in a matter of 8 and a half hours. Much to her annoyance, she said if I was willing to wait longer into the night, she'd go ahead and undo the first sleeve, redo them, and alter the shoulders like I had originally requested.

At 12:44am I got the following text message: ""Ok so I truly don't think the shoulders will be done... I finished everything else but the shoulders are a bit complicated once I got in there... so sorry. Anyways I am done so we can meet somewhere half way."" She gave up and declared her work ""done,"" without having followed through with what she said she would.

Around 1:30am my wife picked up the suit from her and paid her. She made it home around 1:45am. The pants hem was fine, although the pants themselves were horribly wrinkled and creased. We never agreed that she would iron or press them, so I wasn't expecting differently, though the extra touch would have been appreciated especially considering the following, additional shortcomings:

The sleeves were altered terribly. The stitching was very sloppy--loose and very uneven with lots of free-hanging loops and zig/zag clusters. One of the sleeves had a large cut in it at the end that rolled from the outside onto the inside. I can't tell if she snipped it with a pair of scissors after it was altered or if she gashed it first and then continued to go about sewing it up and allowing it to show on the outside. Either way, ""Alterations 101"" fail again. If it weren't for the dark, late night parking lot pickup we might have noticed this before we paid her and probably would have only paid for the pants.

I have included a screen shot of the text messages we shared and pictures of the terrible stitching and damage--I sincerely hope Yelp lets them stay up. If they aren't there, feel free to contact me and I'll be glad to send them to you. Cannot recommend her any less. She makes all the promises in the world but lacks any of the ability, skill, or motivation to complete them. Look elsewhere.",1.0
"Fastframe did a great job on two of my Samuri pictures that I've had for years. They are friendly and had the work done ahead of time. I will use them again, thank you.",5.0
George in the optical department helped me this morning w my broken glasses. I really appreciate the way i was treated. He really made my years of repeat business seem worth it.,5.0
Chuck did such a great job with our shutters. We called him to get a free estimate and he was not pushy at all. Such a friendly and professional guy. We ended up going with him because his prices were very reasonable. Our shutters were delivered and installed within the time frame that he gave us. We are very pleased with the quality and service.,5.0
"I am 23 years old and tried to enter this bar. Upon entering this bar I provided my ID which is a Kentucky ID. Was told immediately that this ID would not be accepted, and also provided a student ID with a photo ID which matched my Kentucky ID. Asked for a manager and was sent back outside. Spoke to the ""manager"" and he told me to call the cops to deal with this situation.  very rude customer service. Will not attend again with how rude they handled me trying to entree their business and also how rude the staff treated me as soon as they saw my ID was not a Ohio ID.",1.0
"I recently used Rooffix to do roof repairs for an inspection repair list to sell a home. The owner, Henry, was very pleasant to work with--he was responsive, provided an accurate and fair estimate, and did very good repair work. I recommend Rooffix 100%.",5.0
"It's pretty ghetto and scary here, but the tacos were good value.  It was about $6.99 for 3 chicken tacos and the table setup is fun.  It's made so you just quickly eat and go.",3.0
"too expensive! We paid $50 for 2 personal size pizzas fries and a beer. forget it! Food was okkk

save your money and go to grimaldis",2.0
"Our go-to place for Vietnamese food! This place is no frills, but cranks out authentic spring rolls, pho, rice dishes and vermicelli. Service is friendly enough and fast. I always order deep fried spring rolls and pho (chicken broth) with BBQ pork. Now, the key to a delicious pho is to season it properly. The BBQ pork comes on a side plate so dump that in right away along with the bean sprouts and those beautiful fresh Thai basil leaves. Squeeze the juice of a lime wedge or two in. Add a touch of soy sauce, hoisin sauce, sriracha and chilies. Perfect!",5.0
"My opinion is this is one of the best restaurant in the city. It's Authentic Szechuan and EVERY dish I've ever ordered  is delicious.....  I love the Duck with Konjac and the cold beef and tripe with five spice.   But, even non-spicy dishes are  SO flavorful. Anytime I have a freind from out of town who wants good Toronto food .... I take them here.",5.0
"Before I tried this place I was excited because it seemed like a good place to eat when you're watching your diet or for a post/pre workout meal. The meals that are served here are average at best... things you can make easily at home. I usually get the American muscle, which uses ground bison. It's pretty good if you're watching your carb intake. Nowadays if I ever get anything here it's the protein shakes. Overall the food is okay it isn't bad. Service is your average you order at the counter and on your own after type. My main turn off about this place is how overpriced it is vs portion. You can easily go elsewhere for cheaper meals and just as ""healthy."" If you are too lazy to cook at home after your workout and don't mind spending the money... then this place is an okay choice.",3.0
"I'm in Vegas 3 or 4 times a year for work or vacation and I'm always looking for new places to eat. On vacation with my wife in September (2012), we went to Sage and really enjoyed it. One of the things we liked the most is that it was mellow. You could actually hear your self think and relax - unlike so many restaurants in Vegas. Don't get me wrong - we're not senior citizens or anything - not even close. It was just a nice change of pace to have a killer meal and not have to listen to techno music :) The service and food were both incredible. We did the tasting menu and it was excellent.",4.0
"fancy shmancy!!! my big brother came into to town and took me  out to dinner at sage, to start out with the service was wonderful! Our waiter was super friendly and helpful! We got the signature menu and everything was delicious, beef tartare was amazing! There was also a dish with scallops in it that just melted in your mouth, we also ordered one of every dessert =D and I loved them all!!",5.0
"Went here for Dinner on a Thursday with no reservations. Got lucky and we were seated almost immediately. Service was great.  Often it's not the food itself that makes a dish amazing but rather the combination of all the different flavors that go into it that make a dish. This statement is true about every single item we got in this restaurant. Although good, some dishes even great.. this place gets 4 stars. 

COLORADO LAMB TENDERLOIN CRUDO 
Toasted Cashews/Roasted Sunchoke/Brooks Cherry Gastrique

AMAZINGG!! I've never had lamb done so well!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The lam itself was fabulous and the combination was just beyond this world! AMAZING!!!!!

WAGYU BEEF TARTARE 
Crushed Caper Aioli/Slow-Poached Egg/Pickled Mustard Seeds/Crispy Chocolate
How can you possibly go wrong with Wagyu beef you just can't.. another combo amazement.. 

GRILLED AMERICAN KOBE SKIRT STEAK
Crispy Potato Puree/Grilled Gem Lettuce/Smoked Avocado/Salsa Verde
 
Good dish.. The cripsy potato puree was AMAZING.. it was .. delicious.. a must have

MAINE DAY BOAT SCALLOPS 
Braised Oxtail/Wild Mushrooms/Salted Caramel Reduction
My disappointment of the night. They were good, just not as good as I expected them. They were a bit chewy....


AND FINALLY
THE HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT WAS The lemon souffle..
Although I'm not sure if that's what it was called. The ingredients were lemon, cucumber and mint! In a souffle right ??!?! This was so amazingggggg, so refreshing  , delicate, light... elegant.. ! All in one!",4.0
"It's safe to say this has become our favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The food is incredible. We just returned from some time in Italy and this is comparable to the old lady window made pasta of Rome. 

On top of the food being fantastic, Howard, our server is funny, attentive, and knowledgeable. We keep coming back. 

Thank you for the wonderful ambiance, service, and food.",5.0
Great bar that brings back the old school vibes of Chicago. Met the owner over the weekend and you can tell why the poace is so beloved. Great drinks and beer selection. A must if you are in the PHX area.,5.0
"I had a below average experience during my first time at The Duce. First off, 2 of the menu items I asked for they were either out of or they no longer serve.  The salad I ordered for 7 dollars was as basic as a 3 dollar add on at a comparable restaurant.  The challa bread brisket is a great idea and tastes pretty good.  The alcoholic beverages are unique and taste great. I will also mention that the items in the vintage store are over priced.  The clerks there are not very friendly, in fact, they kept starring at my group of 4 as though we were going to steal something (which was very far from the truth). I may not go back, but I recommend that others check it out purely for the unique venue and good drinks.",2.0
I contacted Fabian to remove some patio furniture and miscellaneous junk. I received a great quote and he showed up on time and took care of my needs quickly. I will definitely use him again and recommend him to others.,5.0
"I love the food here and the fact that they deliver is also why I am loyal to this restaurant.  If I feel to lazy to drive over there, I know I will get the same delicious food delivered quickly to my house and it will be still hot.  

Prices are reasonable and the service is friendly, we love the fried rice and tofu dishes.  There is a lot of variety for vegetarians.",5.0
"I have tanned in their versa spa four times with a 5 time pass. This last time they upgraded me to the bronzer (normally a $10 up charge) they did give me that for free because I stated I didn't get any color the previous times. This time was not much better. Barely a darker color for around three days, then gone. I don't know if it's the formula they use but regardless, I wouldn't spend any more money on their spray tan machine.",2.0
"Worst VersaSpa tan I have ever received in my life. I've had well over 20 in the past 3 years to know how to get a good one. Never have I ever had a problem. I came here in December and had some weird color difference on my back side and thought maybe it was something I did wrong. Went to another salon a few weeks later and didn't have an issue. Came back to this salon yesterday and ended up with my legs being extremely streaked, my arms are about 5 shades darker than the rest of me, the backs and insides of my arms have almost zero color, and there is a terrible, terrible difference in the color of my hands from my arms. One arm is even noticeably darker than the other and one leg is a lot darker than the other! It seems as if my right side didn't receive as much color as the left. I noticed the color issue immediately and even felt like the machine had not sprayed my back side properly (you know how it feels and it definitely didn't feel as if as much solution was sprayed.) I went to find the receptionist to ask about how to fix this and could not find her anywhere. I waited for another five minutes and still couldn't find her. Highly disappointing and now my skin looks absolutely terrible. Never coming back!",1.0
"Volo is one of the best beer-centric bars in the city. They do things that set them apart from the competition. 

This place is not only a craft beer mecca but also doubles as a brewpub. The folks at Volo brew their own beer under the monicker ""house ales."" In addition to their own concoctions, they also have a large selection of draft beer (over 30 taps). What I like about their selection is that it is almost exclusively Canadian beers with the vast majority of beers on tap being from Ontario, it's always great when bars support local brewers. 

Despite much of their draft beer being local I did see some beers that I had not seen before. Volo tends to carry many one-offs from local brewers and on the occassion that I went even had some collablratove beers from local breweries. In addition to the extensive taps list they do have a pretty exotic selection of bottles, however these are a little too pricey for my liking so I tend to steer clear of them. 

The owners of Volo are also the brains behind the annual cask days festival, they have a yearly IPA challenge and often have special events such as tap takeovers. They certainly get bonus points for being one of the champions of craft beer in Toronto. 

The place itself is pretty intimate, and has a spacious streetside patio. There is no waiter service so one has to go to the bar to get drinks. The place is usually buzzing but the service doesn't seem to suffer, the bartenders are always willing to make suggestions and certainly know their products very well. They have a small uninspired food menu which is ok if you want a snack but you come here to drink not eat. 

They are located within walking distance of Wellesley station, very easy to get to by TTC. Overall this is a Toronto gem, and one of the top 3 places for craft beer in the city.",4.0
Our main drain backed up on christmas eve. The tech who came out to fix it was Cameron. He was very professional as well as knowledgeable. He fixed the problem very quickly and identified things to keep an eye on in the future. We are very happy with the service and will only be using this company in the future.,5.0
This bar is pretty decent and usually has a decent crowd. The price of beer is pretty standard and the staff is okay. The best thing the bartender's have going for them is there pretty good looking. The are not that fast to take an order however. I will say I'd probably be back again so I'll give four stars for now.,4.0
"Went here because the UofA Phoenix alumni held a viewing party for Wildcats baseball game.

I agree with the other reviews: they are understaffed. They had 3 waitresses for about 40+ people. I was disappointed because they took 50 minutes from taking our drink orders to our food orders. Even after writing down what we wanted the waitress still forgot what beers my friends' got and we had to check up with the girl after 15 minutes and had to repeat their drink orders. Service got better at the end of the night (made sure our food was ok, refilled our drinks, and split the checks without complaining), but the beginning of the night left a bad taste in my mouth.

Food was made quickly but it was nothing to brag about: our whole table ordered burgers and they are all just slight variations of one another. Even the salsa/chips appetizer was mediocre: most of the chips were crushed up and the salsa seems store-bought (other sports bars I've been to have made their own salsa, so call me a snob I guess).

One bright side was that there was an open bar for 30 minutes after the Cats won. But overall, a less than pleasant experience.",2.0
"We went for restaurant week.  They were packed. We had an inside table but asked if they could accommodate us outside. They basically turned a two-person table into a four-person table with some effort. We really appreciated that.  The owner personally came out to help with this. Then we talked to him for a while.  Incredibly nice guy and very proud of his restaurant.

The four of us mixed up what we ordered. The first course were tapas and everyone got the same thing.

We then mixed up what we got on the second course.  Everything was awesome.

There were two desserts on the menu for restaurant week and so we split those up as well. Again, both desserts were great.

Service was also good. Perhaps a 4, but we liked the food so much I'm giving an overall 5.",5.0
Amazing Mexican food and great servers! Love this place and would recommend it to anyone I know :),5.0
"Maybe I just don't understand the trendy fine-dining scene, but I am from the school that says that if you pay a good amount of money, the food should taste good and there should be plenty of it.

I knew we were in trouble when I ordered and the waitress asked if we were sure that was all we wanted, because their portions are small and what we ordered probably wouldn't fill us up.  I told her we'd start with it and see how we felt.

She was right, but my biggest issue was the taste of the food.  The kani kani was good, but the consomme was very fishy.  And the Hawaiian Hamachi, six frito-sized slices of fish spread out as much as possible on the plate, were next to flavorless.

All the reviews I've seen on this place have been good, so it's quite possible that this is just not my kind of place.  I'm sure the quality of ingredients were top-notch, and the atmosphere of the place was fun, but when I'm hungry, what can I say?  I want food.

We had a couple drinks and said uncle.  The bill came out to about $65 before the tip, but I think our experience there can be summed up by the fact that we ended up walking over to the nearby deli at the sports book to actually eat.",2.0
"Me and my girlfriend and two other friends ate at the Japonais Lounge because we saw there was a 3 course meal for $45. You got to choose 2 appetizers, 1 main course and 1 dessert. 

We opted for the tempura shrimp roll and lobster spring rolls to start. In addition I ordered the calamari. The tempura shrimp roll was a little different from what I'd had before, the shrimp was extra crispy but still very good. The lobster spring rolls were actually lobster egg rolls (fried) but still very good with rock lobster inside and a mango salsa to go with it. The calamari was also different, instead of a fried breaded calamari it was slices of lightly pan fried squid with a sweet sauce. I couldn't put my finger on it but it was definitely tasty.

Our main course was a salmon dish, I can't remember the name but it was salmon on top of mixed seafood with a horseradish leek sauce and risotto. This was a high quality dish with many thoughtful elements like chopped up shrimp, a little rock lobster and oyster.

For dessert we had the chocolate ginger mousse cake. This was a top-notch dessert. The presentation was fantastic, I still don't know how they created the cylindrical little tower. The exterior looked hard yet when you dug into it, it was very smooth. Towards the bottom were thin layers of chocolate cake.

This place is probably too expensive to go to if you're seriously hungry, and the service didn't help. We were really the only ones there at the lounge but the food took a while between courses. Maybe the people in the restaurant get priority. Good thing we weren't in a rush. Overall high quality food.",4.0
"I like Chase, though with the roof closed, it has a bit of a warehouse feel to me.  But with the roof open, and the clever way the outfield walls swing open, it really feels close to a conventional outdoor stadium, and that's a good thing.  Free wireless now, which I think is a recent thing, and it actually seems to work (unlike Jiffy Pop stadium in Glendale, where you're lucky to lock onto a signal for more than 30 seconds).  Decent grub selection (far better than Jiffy Pop, which is horrendous IMHO).  Take the train and avoid the parking cost and hassles.  Go DBacks!  (unless the Giants are in town!).",4.0
"Had dinner last night during their soft opening and had a very good meal with great service.  Overall great selection on the menu and all of our food was very good.  On the positive side the Caesar salad was excellent and the pork Milanese was very good.  In addition, the bottle wine selection was a really good value considering the overall cost of dinner. 
A couple of negatives were the seating by the outside patio was very cold, our table was not leveled and some of the prices seemed slightly high (not a deal breaker but something to consider). 
Overall I will absolutely be going back and trying out some different menu items and this is another great addition to the North Central dining options.",4.0
"Went in today  to try a new place for breakfast. I had corn beef hash and eggs with sourdough.  I think my 9 year old could have made me a better breakfast. The only reason I have 2 stars instead of 1 is my daughters' lunch, mini burger w/fries, was decent according to her. 
It's nothing fancy and the service was okay. They are pretty cheap, I guess you get what you pay for. Definitely won't be back. As cheap as it was, still not worth the money.",2.0
"By all mean, it's okay. A bit pricey for things that they offer but they are quite tasty. 
Paeya (not sure if the spelling is right) was big not as good as I expected to be. Cavier dish was good but something anyone can make at home. Try them if you really like spanish food!",4.0
"I love the convenience of ordering and paying online , that way I don't have to wait at the restaurant. I ordered the half Mediterranean salad, gyro plate and gyro sandwich with Mediterranean fries. The portion size for the salad after adding feta and olives was just the right size. The pita bread was tasty.  A little bit thicker than I like it but good. The gyro meat was seasoned perfectly and the tzatziki sauce was tangy and creamy. Totally enjoyed every bite. The fries were seasoned perfectly and very good. Too bad there wasn't more! Overall I would say for the price and taste worth every penny. I'm looking forward to trying this place again.",4.0
We have been using Raymill Photography for quite  some time now and we don't plan on going anywhere else! We have always been extremely impressed with his photography skills and have loved all of our sessions! He is very easy to work with and always does a great job taking my visions and turning them into cherished photos. If you are looking for amazing talent and quality work he is the best! He is also wonderful with kids!,5.0
"I love supporting local shops that are such staples to the community. This place had families, couples and groups of friends stop by. There is really nothing that beats a cool treat on a warm day. For all my friends out there who can't have dairy. They have an awesome vegan selection including some flavors such as raspberry, mango, strawberry and dark chocolate. I went with with dark chocolate and it was rich and decadent. They also have other dairy flavors such as chocolate malt, pistachio, roasted banana and a matcha flavour. The service was friendly, quick and I love how they topped off each order with a piece of waffle. Stop by if you are close by, you won't be disappointed.",5.0
The burger I had at this cafe inside the Red Rock Casino was one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life!  It arrived hot. It was juicy. The bun was baked on the premises and toasted. It was outstanding.  There are many cheaper places to get a burger. It was $20 for a burger and a beer at LBS. But I wouldn't know where to send you in Las Vegas  to get a better burger.,5.0
"This place was amazing, great breakfast options and fresh juice. You can tell they care about the meals they make. Whenever I'm in town I make sure to stop by.",5.0
The best part about this park is the lake I didn't know my dog club to swim so much until I took them there... I thought I was going to have to jump in and save my wiener dog but to my surprise he floated quite well I actually had a hard time getting them out of the water because he didn't want to leave because he was having so much fun.,5.0
"A terrific hotel overall. Very close to Gastonia, NC , walking distance to the Hertz and Avis lots, excellent service from the welcoming and competent staff (one of the fastest check-ins I've ever had at any hotel), fantastic bed, extremely clean bathroom, excellent food in the concierge lounge, marble top furniture, live plant in the guest room, beautiful artwork throughout the property. I still can't believe I only paid $109 per night. My only complaint was the airport shuttle, which is shared with a number of other hotels and makes a number of stops before getting to the Renaissance.",4.0
Aloha Friday laulau plate with the butterfish was a real winnah. Customer service was down right island style.,5.0
"Low key up class burgers 

They have burgers and yuppidy beer. The deco is nice, wood + leather + dark gray, and the wait staff carefree.  Not super friendly but enough to make a solo diner comfortable.  
 
Popeye and umami were decent.... though at the time of this review, I still haven't tried a real umami burger to compare

$6 22oz drafts on Monday. 

$4 16oz dogfish next door at dandelion",4.0
"Review Summary: Get yourself the sweet potato tots NOW! Everything else is just decent.
I stopped in for lunch today and ordered the PM Burger, which comes topped with pulled pork, beer cheese, and deep fried jalapenos. The burger patty itself was cooked perfectly to medium as I asked but was surprisingly a little dry and lacked flavor on its own. The onion Kaiser bun was okay but nothing special either. The toppings on the burger were what made it good though. The pulled pork added solid bbq flavor but was also a little dry unfortunately. The beer cheese was awesome, and balanced the bbq pork and beef patty perfectly. The deep fried jalapenos were limited in number and weren't breaded very much (which I'm glad about), and they provided a decent level of spice and another complimentary flavor. The toppings made the burger pretty good but not great; if the bun and meat quality had been better this burger would've been killer!
The best part of the meal was by far the sweet potato tots! I love sweet potato fries, and these were probably the best I've ever had. They were sweeter than most places with a hint of cinnamon, crispy outside but with a normal texture in the middle- outstanding!
The service was decent and my food came out quickly. The atmosphere seemed like it would be pretty cool, especially at night, and the location has a very large bar but not a ton of tables, which I guess should be expected from a place with ""Whiskey Bar"" in its name.
One last piece of advice to totally drive the point home: order the sweet potato tots; don't even consider another side. Yes, they're that good and were definitely the highlight of the meal.",4.0
"I'm VERY picky about Indian food, and I like it spicy! I was initially nervous about ordering from POI after reading the previous (older) reviews, not to mention my failure to find good Indian food so far in da Burgh!  I'm glad I took the chance:) Delivery was as expected through grub hub, about 60 minutes after the delivery was placed. I added a comment to ask if they would ""please make (the food) very spicy."" And they did not disappoint! Usually my request for very spicy food (a 10 on a spice scale of 10) gets me something more like a 4 or 5 on my personal spice scale. I was so pleasantly surprised that the chole and aloo gobi were made both flavorful AND very spicy. (Literally brought tears to my eyes!) This, however is the kind of spice I like, so for those who can't handle it, be mindful of the spice scale- it's taken seriously! I'm so happy to have found Prince of India delivery and will be trying it again soon.",4.0
"I order delivery from here while visiting Monroeville every few months. Pretty standard Chinese food and not disappointing, especially for the price. For some reason I just HAVE to order their steamed dumplings every time! Very good.",4.0
The food was ok. I found it to be pricey for the quality of food. The services was great.,3.0
"We had the great pleasure of dining at the South Beach location-that was amazing.
We went in with high expectations. Not only did we elope the night before so we were still on cloud 9 but we were looking forward to another memorable experience as we had in SB.

We started with an uncomfortable table that included a small chair and bench seating. I asked to sit at a different table-pointing to one that included chairs with more support, explaining I had a bad back/disability. The hostess was quite rude and I didn't care much for her lack of compassion. We made the best of it, again focusing on enjoying our meal.
Our chicken and waffles were disappointing. Chicken batter was soggy and not crispy at all, as described in the menu and as we had in SB. Waffle, under cooked, so the bourbon syrup just sat in the top.
Our server was inattentive and disappeared for extended periods. We waited for and had to ask for water several times.  I was never able to order another glass of wine due to the lack of support from our server.
We did not complain to management, paid our bill and left. The food was good, but given our expectations from the South Beach location and our special occasion, we just wanted to pay our bill and leave.

There are A LOT of choices in Vegas. It may be wise to step up the service and food quality for future patrons.",1.0
"It's rare to dine at a restaurant that truly is run like a well oiled machine. Everyone we encountered was genuine and embodied the true spirit of hospitality. Our server Ken was very well versed and provided truly friendly service our entire meal. He even had a nice dessert for my fianc put together that was very well received.  One of the young ladies bussing, Shaniqua was very sweet and attentive.  It truly felt that everyone we met was nice. The Restaurant Manager Sarah was also a delight to meet and speak with.  We had multiple quality conversations with her and our love for the restaurant only grew.  She has a great attitude and it's very clear that she knows how to run a restaurant; food is a huge factor but hiring and maintaining quality staff is key. It was refreshing to witness such a high level of professionalism with everyone and of course the menu delivered a unique experience we will without a doubt return to very soon.",5.0
"Came here late Friday night (had a reservation) and the place was not super busy. We were seated at a tiny table for 2 and were promptly greeted by our server. 

This place does family style southern food (with a twist) and so the meals are meant to be shared. We decided to try a few things - chicken/waffles, Salisbury steak (that was my husbands strange choice), with sides of Mac and cheese, cornbread and grits. It was WAAY too much food but we wanted to try a few menu items. We were informed some items require additional cook time. They do, however bring the food out as it ready so you can eat other things while waiting. 

The food was ok. Chicken was crispy and moist but lacked flavor. Waffles were waffles. The Salisbury steak had an overpowering taste and the grits were dense. We left a but disappointed - but for all we got it was only $100. 

The service, much like the food, was average. The waitstaff work together so various people came by to refill drinks, clear plates and bring food. 

Would we return? Probably not. We kept lamenting that we were not eating the delicious chicken and waffles from LoLo's (in the Phoenix area).",3.0
"So I'm not writing any other Vegas reviews but this one. Because no others compare. Wicked Spoon Buffet in the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas is hands down THEEEE buffet of buffets. PROMISE.

Gourmet everything. Fasted service - the minute your done, someone is there to get your plate. Tastiest food - not ONE item was mediocre. Everything was passed expectations. 

Worth every penny.",5.0
This was a great buffet.  It truly was gourmet.  Bone marrow? right next to wild boar tacos?!!!!  Everything from the fresh salads to the fried chicken to the mountain of dessert was very good.  My only complaint is the alcohol situation.  The selection of wine and beer was not  good at al.,4.0
"Had brunch here fore about $25 bucks a pop on a weekday. 

Came with one mimosa, champagne or red or white wine. I don't drink so I got OJ. 

The bone marrow was just okay. 

Favs: Pork Belly, Beet Salad and the AMAZINGly tasty Kale salad. 

Everything else was okay. The nutella gelato was very yummy though. 

Nice ambiance and lighting. Pretty good selection of items for lunch.",4.0
"I'm a writer and of course bookstores are heaven to me. I have been attending writers meetings in this particular Barnes and nobles for many years. Each time, having dinner at the cafe, buying books and attending the meetings. Two Wednesdays a month I looked forward to bliss until the past Wednesday when the manager told the organizer that the meetings could no longer happen there! Very disappointing! Especially since over the years, many of our published writers held book signing there.",1.0
"I'm lukewarm about Chelsea's. Love the patio, front and back. Love the noisy chatter. And love wasting time with wine and friends for hours here.

But I have to say I'm not thrilled with the food. The veggie options are ok, at least there is more than one choice. The flavor is less impressive though. The veggie tacos were blander than bland. The actual veggies are lovely and change seasonally: spaghetti squash, mushrooms, peppers, etc. But can I get a little salt and pepper on these bad boys? They tasted like nothing.

The veggie burger is the same as LGO, but was perhaps prepared differently. I didn't get any of that smokey goodness I love so much at the sister restaurant. The guacamole was also lacking. Good thing they brought out a few orders of those little handmade tortillas though, cuz those suckers are melt in your mouth deliciosos.

There is also a happy ending on your way out with some killer sea salt chocolate chip cookies. Between the wine and cookies, I'm good. Just wish there was a little more oomph to back up the price of the meatless fare.",3.0
"LOVE Chelsea's Kitchen! It is definetly my go-to place. I am usually one to try something different anytime i go someplace more then once but their Del Mar salad is to die for! I've always had good service and even when it is busy having a drink at the bar or even waiting at the door it seems to never be a long wait. Great atmosphere, love sitting outside, weather permitted.",4.0
Amazing with my 7 month old !!!! Made a great decision to go to her . Lovely lovely place!,5.0
"First time partying outdoors!  The club was beautiful.  Definitely appreciated the seats that were for free compared to the other clubs we were at in Vegas.  We went there for their splash dance thursday that was alright.  The crowd was more relax and it was more of a chill and drink kind of night.  The dance floor was really small which I think they should make it a little larger with all the room they got there.  We enjoyed the free drinks until midnight for ladies.  We actually left to try out another club after 2am because we wanted to party and it just felt a little to laid back for us.  Still an awesome club, I would like to go back on a Friday or Saturday to see how the vibe is.",4.0
"I have a love/hate relationship with the Pei Wei chain. Before this place opened I would go to the Gainey Ranch location because I love their patio and when the food was right it was all good relaxing on the patio. But I discovered that they were inconsistent where sometimes I would like their food and other times I wouldn't like it. 

So the wife thought it would be a good idea to abandon our normal Chinese place to try Pei Wei during their first week of operation. They had about 10 cooks woking up a storm and unfortunately I drew the short straw when it came to picking the cook to make my dinner. The meat was tough and inedible. I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore. 

Luckily I was able to crawl back to our Chinese place and let them know that they didn't have to worry about Pei Wei taking away any of their customers.",1.0
Been there more times than I can count. The range itself is...well...just a range. It is kind of small but serves the purpose. Clean. The staff is great. Nice. Respectful. Knowledgeable. They offer suggestions for improving my shooting accuracy and technique without me asking.,4.0
"Taza is a really great restaurant. The menu is large, service is friendly, there is a large outdoor eating area, a grill inside, and the food is fabulous. I've been here multiple times and I don't think I've ever ordered anything I didn't like. I'm also very picky when it comes to middle eastern food because I've spent considerable time in Israel and Taza doesn't disappoint.  The prices are extremely reasonable for the portions and the quality. I love the the soft fresh pita and the complimentary zatar olive oil dip is wonderful. Some favorites I've ordered include the fatoosh salad- so fresh and delicious filed with herbs and the shwarma hummus- delicious, authentic and plenty to share with a group.",5.0
"Excellent fresh food at reasonable prices, very friendly waitress and even briefly met The pleasant owner , I highly recommend this restaurant.",5.0
"When it takes 25 minutes to make 2 milk shakes to go that's a problem. The cashier didn't seem to happy when I ordered 2 chocolate milkshakes and said ""there's 2 milkshakes ahead of you so"" I mean what the heck? How long does it take to make a milkshake that is the same as Baskin Robbins. Maybe have more than 1 staff member working at this location if it's going to take over 20 minutes to make 2 milkshakes.",1.0
"The amount of late night spots that I am starting to Yelp, makes me thing I should create a list. Fatburger deserves a place at that table!

Having lived in SoCal for a number of years, and now, once again, Sin City, Fatburger is a staple for late night grub. The location on the strip is open 24/7 and is the perfect choice when you are trying to nurse yourself into zombie mode. I say that because, sometimes, Vegas can be too much fun, and you are near a coma-tose point. 

Being a Zombie would take some sort of miracle. Fatburger, can be that miracle.

On my way home from the club the other night, I got hungry. There really isn't too much in the way of convenience at 5am near my place (I can't wait to move to the Strip). Thankfully, this Fatburger location popped up like an oasis in the desert.

Feeling ""healthy"", I decided to order the Turkey Burger. With Bacon. Clearly, I wasn't in the right frame of mind, but whatever. It was late.

Yeah, it was delicious, amazing, and the whole nine yards but the reason I give this place Four Stars is simple. Convenience, speedy service, and a clean restaurant.

Done and done.",4.0
"This is more of a 3.5. They have huge bruschetta and a nice outdoor patio area. A platter can easily feed two people. Their cucumber lemonade is delicious! 

It doesn't draw the same amount of people as the restaurant next door which is why we picked it. I'm not sure why we were made to wait 20 minutes (I needed a table for 10) for a table when the table we sat at was available when I put my name down. 

I should have checked before I paid for the bill but they mistakenly charged me for a couple of drinks.",3.0
"This place is amazing. The food is what I would say is very authentic tasting food with the right balance of flavor and heat. I had to order the signature dish and I was not disappointed....The Molcajeta come out ripping hot.. it was explained to me in english and spanish since when I go to spanish speaking establishment they are not to sure which languages to speak... either way is ok with me and the occasional spanglish... The dish will feed two people for sure. The seating was a little tricky it was Sunday and it was packed the mariachi group was playing and families where waiting to be seated but after about ten minutes of waiting I was seated. I am sure if you go early you can avoid this type of situation..The staff was really helpful with getting pople in and out.

If you are in Las Vegas and enjoy venturing out beyond the buffets....This is the place for authentic flavor of Mexico....",5.0
"I've only has famous daves once and it was for a friends wedding rehearsal dinner.  They did the family style type menu which was pretty cool.  They bring out a wide variety of their BBQ and sides on aluminum garbage can lids that act as platters.  I don't eat at a lot of BBQ restaurants so I don't have a ton to compare it to but I thought it was delicious.  They also have a variety of sauces to choose from set on the table which was nice.  I like spicey so I was easily able to add some spicey BBQ sauce to my food.  Ohhh and they have an awesome happy hour, great to take advantage of in the winter to slam Great Lakes Christmas Ales for cheap.",4.0
This was our favorite yogurt and super convenient- now the Scottsdale/Shea location is closed by the landlord and took over the premises due to financial reasons.  Too bad...,3.0
"Service: 5
Sashimi: 5
Sushi: 4
Ambiance: 4

Had a spectacular meal here after wandering through the hotels adjacent to where we were staying this week! 
Being 10pm on a Wed night, there was no wait for the two of us to be seated and then when our friends called us to let us know they would be joining us after all, the staff was gracious about moving us to a table that could fit our raucous crowd of 10!
Our server was friendly and knowledgable about the menu so able to offer us suggestions which is always a plus!
We enjoyed the Sashimi starter of Yellowtail, Salmon, Tuna & Halibut and the Seaweed Salad which was small but authentic! 
Next we had the Spicy Scallop Roll which was delicious and something w Octopus that was crunchy!
At the other end of the table they ordered the Sushi Sampler Plate which was massive and impressive! 
The front area has the right lighting but the open seating arrangement leaves you kinda awkwardly staring at your neighbors! But we did notice there is an actual dining room in the back so maybe that is more romantic then the lounge...",4.0
"Overpriced. I usually love seaweed salad every time I order it, but not at this restaurant. The seaweed was awful and the tofu was overwhelming. I had the vegetarian sushi, which was nothing special. Good cold sake. Buy the bottle, it's cheaper.",2.0
"Perfect spot to grab a bite to eat before you head to a game! The weather was nice so they had the big garage door windows open making the place feel open and airy. 

The food is good for bar food. I had a salad and was very impressed by how fresh the ingredients were. The rest of my table got wings and burgers which all came with a mound of waffle fries. 

The service was on the slower side but not anything that would stop us from returning. Overall, very good experience!",4.0
"Quoted me $139 to fix a broken screen on a two-year-old Samsung S4. That's DOUBLE the price other places are asking. What kind of ridiculous pricing model are these dudes using? I can buy a new phone for the price they quoted. 
Buyer beware. Check your prices before you go to this shop.",1.0
Food was great! Service was great (Denise)!!! The prices are a MUCH APPRECIATED VALUE!! Order a cinnamon roll...HEAVENLY! The owner does a FANTASTIC job facilitating the door! Very friendly place that I will definitely revisit!!,5.0
"Ordered the French toast, chicken fried steak and the biscuits and gravy. They all came out pretty quickly and in large portions. We were famished when we came in and left completely stuffed. Believe the Yelp Hype. This place ROCKS!!!",5.0
"Great food! Amazing staff and cool space!
We'll definitely come back next time we're in Vegas!
Totally recommend for a great simple tasty breakfast:)",5.0
"My husband bought me a nutrimill at Shar's Kitchen for Christmas.  My mom also bought me a mill for Christmas as well. So, after comparing the mills I decided to return the nutrimill for a refund.  Luckily my husband kept the receipt and we had all the original packaging.  Upon bringing it back I was shocked to discover that there are NO REFUNDS at Shar's.  Are you kidding me?  
Name one other store that does not refund your money when you return an un-used item in perfect condition with the receipt, in the original box, with all the original packaging, within a week of the purchase.  

I like to support local businesses, even if it means you spend a couple bucks more, but this will be my last purchase from Shar's Kitchen.  

By the way, I even let her know I would be writing a review about my experience but she went on about how her return policy has been in place for 34 years....  Well, maybe it is time to revise it.  Very disappointing.",1.0
"My husband and I discovered Thai Suan Thip just this week as we decided to drop by Mojo Bistro - only to find it was now a Thai restaurant. This was actually pure serendipity - as I wanted Thai - but Niki's Thai Restaurant in the North Side was not open yet (we went by around 11 and it didn't open until 11:30am).

As it was very early, and a weekday, the place was charmingly quiet. We were treated not only to exceptional food, but also got to know the executive chef!  She came out and explained her approach in making each of the meals.   And to paraphrase, she does not americanize the food by adding ""flour"" and ""other ingredients"" that are not authentic. 

The food is amazing. The unique layering of flavors in the spcies and fresh ingredients really impressed us.  We went with some standards (sampler tray, chicken satay) for our starters, and then tried one of the chef specialities.  Being as it was lunch time, and I am/was 35 weeks pregnant, we only ordered one plate to share. Everything was amazing. We left with a full, but not weighted down feeling!

The background the chef provided is that she grew up in Thailand and served in the air force there until 10 years ago, when she met and married her husband (who also works at the restaurant).  She came to America with her husband, but returned to Bangkok for formal culinary  training. Her goal is to bring real authentic Thai food to the area. 

The food was so amazing - we ordered takeout just two nights later!  When we picked up our takeout, the place was busy with the happy buzz of customers.

I just can't say enough good things about this restaurant - and I am so glad it's only a mile away!",5.0
"We hired the TIN kitchen food truck for our event this past weekend and everyone loved it! They were super helpful and communicative during the planning phases, scouted the location a few days before so they could figure out where to park the truck, showed up early to set up and the staff in he truck were so friendly and excited about the food. The food was great, the people were fun and I'd recommend these guys to everyone! 

I had the chicken tacos and masala tacos and went back for seconds... So delicious!  Thanks TIN kitchen!",5.0
"Went to the food truck rally this Friday and tried these guys out. I had the chana masala taco, Thai coconut curry taco and also the BBQ pork taco. All three were delicious my favorite being the chana masala taco- the blend of goat cheese couscous and chick peas with the curry sauce is to die for! The Thai coconut shrimp taco was lacking on the shrimp and could have used some more something? I am doing a low carb diet so I just wanted to eat the fillings and asked for a fork but didn't get one, no biggie cuz my hands worked just fine :). The staff were extremely friendly and I was told they started their tacos off with the BBQ one and it had some very good flavors with some complexity to it. The day was pretty
 rainy so we didn't get to enjoy the surroundings but it was worth waiting in the rain for. Also, the tacos were on soft corn tortillas which I've never been a fan of I normally prefer flour if I'm going for carbs.",5.0
"Stopped in to grab a bite after a trip to the neighboring Target. As far as TB's go, this is one of the cleanest I've seen. The staff was friendly and our order was up in quick fashion. As I typically do, I just went with regular crunchy tacos. The others got Cantina Bowls and Nachos Bell Grande. My tacos were good and everybody was happy with their choices. All in all it was a good experience, however, it was so cold in there, my nipples could have cut glass. It was a nice break from the heat, but OMG! Basically, a four star experience, but the shrinkage forces it to stay down at three.",3.0
"Ok, so I'm in town on business and Scottsdale is just a little, hmmm...shall we say blonde, silicone and tanner for my constitution. Ahhh...TT Roadhouse = Remedy. I walk in, and it's kinda Cheers-ish. The bartender Chris is a freakin' sweetheart, makes me a sick drink, and I thrill to the sensations of Nude Nuns with Big Guns and we (me, the random chick from NYC, and the die-hard locals who call the joint their living room) tell a few pointed,  completely un-PC jokes about rape+kickstand in context to said flick. I've had two drinks now, more folks arrive, all nice, and all totally welcoming to the outsider...none of the ""Y'all ain't from here are you"" vibe. Seriously, this is my new local when I'm in town. I even bought the fuckin' T-shirt, and that's just the kind of douchery I never engage in. That said, I think if you're into low-brow/dives and want to enjoy that with a side of super nice. This'll be your rig too.",4.0
"Wifey and I went here a few months ago for lunch with a Restaurant.com gift certificate. I had a French dip sandwich and wifey had some sort of a salad. the food was OKAY, but the atmosphere was jus odd. it's in the lobby of a hotel, and I felt just weird. The server was nice, but the place was dead as dead gets and it was just waaaay out of place.",2.0
Traded in my Fiesta for a Verano and it couldn't have been any easier.  Thank you Mike Yates!,5.0
"Love at first sight. It's not often that you have a quaint little winery in this area that also has wonderful wine selection. Surrounded by some warehouse and plain storefronts this cute little house stands out among the local scene. 

Walking through the front door I feel deeper in love with the homey and rustic decor. We sampled most of their wines before deciding on a glass.  We took a look around and they also have a tasting bar upstairs with a little more a formal decor.

They have a kitchen that offers a small menu of great shareable plates to enjoy with your drink of choice. We split a panini and flatbread both outstanding! We took a seat out on their beautiful patio filled with plenty of seating. I could not get over this gem of a place. It felt like I was on vacation in wine country.

This place in one of my new favorite spots for so many reasons. If you are into more than just sipping wine they also offer a variety of events such as yoga and live music.",5.0
This is usually a decent place but for some reason it was excessively dirty today.  The pizza wasn't bad but the bathrooms were filthy and the tables were all still very messy even after they cleaned.it.  probably won't be back after this visit.  We have been here numerous times in the past and never had this issue.,2.0
"It's a chain, but a pretty good one...

I've eaten at this Keg a few times, but there was a Keg back home north of Seattle that we'd go for special occasion family dinners sometimes, so The Keg has always held a special place in my heart. 

You'll get a very good meal here. Not to the level of a Fleming's or Morton's, and not even close to a City Hall experience, but you also don't pay anything close to what you pay at those places, which is nice. Two people can have a nice dinner and a glass of wine each and get out for $75 + tax and tip. I typically get the filet meal with a Caesar salad and twice baked potato. They also have good ribs, and my wife had the prime rib once and seemed to like it. 

The ""Keg Dinners"" are the way to go, since they're all under $30 and come with a steak, a side and a salad. None of the a la carte stuff that kills you at other steakhouses.

Service is always attentive, even if you sit in the bar area, which makes that a nice option when it's a 45 minute wait. The drinks are good, and their desserts are tasty and well priced. We've had the creme brulee a few times, and it's quite good.

It's really close to where we live, so we're here occasionally. There are better steakhouses out there, but The Keg is a really good one for the money.",4.0
"The pros: excellent location,  great ambience,  a variety of seating,  diverse menu,  reasonable prices, awesome happy hour

The cons: not the best service in bar area, so sit in restaurant section

Came here with a colleague to catch up on life.  We got: Philly roll and Vegas roll, both really good,  Vegas roll was one of the best ever.  Mozzarella tempura: like a jalapeo popper but way better. Sesame chicken: cut small,  crispy, delicious but maybe was over cooked. Tokyo mojito: get cucumber version. Food and drinks were yummy.  I'd go back again.",4.0
"Lunch special shoppers: Be aware that the bento box special is not available on Sundays! And I don't know about you, but I loose track of the ""names"" of the ""days"" when I'm road tripping. Tip: check the paper at your hotel. 

Our waitress pegged us as budget-conscious due to our interest in the bento box, so she steered us toward selections that would add up to a comparable price. We ordered the spring rolls (fried, delicious, yet small), and a chicken curry. I'm usually wary of curries at Japanese places due to it's over-sweet and goopy. Not the case here! The curry was light and spicy, the chicken tender, and the veggies fresh and crisp. 

When we walked in, we were literally the only people there, but several tables seated while we ate. This was probably at 100pm on a Sunday. We didn't try the sushi, but for some reason I have a feeling it's decent.",3.0
"We were seated promptly and entertained by a one man show of hostess, bartender and waiter. Our waiter was a very polite young man who we decided to test in his bartending skills. He served us with a house cocktail called the Inferno Margarita which was jalapeo, liquor infused cucumbers and tequila. Definitely the best part of the meal.
The bread served to us was unfortunately very dry and so dry that the accompanying oil did not help moisten it. We also got the pretzel and chorizo dip which was ok but not particularly remarkable. We also got the shrimp tacos which was also good but not particularly impressive. Overall will return for drinks but food needs to improve.",2.0
"Alesci 's is like being in Italy, great food, great prices and a warm and friendly staff that wants to help . Walking in the door knowing that makes this a Mayfield gem.
Outstanding prepared foods. We  often order large quantities of cavatelle and chicken
With gravy and have always been more than pleased and our guests are wowed !
Their consultation on amounts to order are spot on and helpful -they know because they are experts and have been in business for years with the customer in mind.
Their bread is the best, their dough always in my freezer and we know their phone number by heart !!!  They have not forgotten who they are, where they came from and appreciate the customers who helped them grow their business-A Cleveland gift!!!",5.0
Very good.   Maria at the counter was extremely helpful.   They also have the best cars.   Sixt Phoenix as good as Sixt Zurich.,5.0
"Tried to buy little mud boot hutch only 2.5' wide for $400. Would have stuck out of roomy sedan trunk and needed twine to hold trunk top down. I live 2 miles away. 

Saleswoman said they would have a hard time helping load it because it was ""just women working"". She had to check with management to see if they could give me twine because ""we can't just give things away"". 

Then manager decided to have her tell me they wouldn't try to help me because she said it wouldn't fit. Hm-m-m-m. Not problem solvers or salespeople.",1.0
"Kinda surprised to see such bad reviews--I thought the rooms here were really nice! The bed was very soft and comfy, and everything was totally clean. Had all the amenities I expect from a chain hotel, though we didn't get a chance to try out the tv or the pool. Despite proximity to airport, it wasn't at all noisy. As of Aug 2014, the rooms had free wifi, although you could upgrade to a higher-speed option for a charge. 

Downside: having to pay for parking. I was honestly shocked that a hotel would charge for parking from its guests: who knew? Also we had a little trouble finding the place--it is technically close to the airport, but the streets are kinda tricky and the GPS was unhelpful because of the many close/overlapping/unnamed roads. Look at a map before you try to find it.",4.0
"Snobby, refined, exquisite, hipster, authentic, comfortable, delicious, and pricey.  All those adjectives apply here.  Everything they serve is fantastic and eerily authentic given that nothing in Vegas seems authentic.  Great location and you can tell the money from the area loves to chill at Sambalatte.",5.0
"When the play we were trying to see sold out, my friends and I weren't sure where to go to hang out.  We walked by this place and all decided this was it.
Compared to the suburban versions of this chain, the vibe of this place is a bit odd.  It has the atmosphere of a bar (at least in the evening, when I was there) - and it IS a bar.  
However, I had a sundae, and it was pretty good.  Nothing mind-boggling, but certainly worth the $6.00 it cost!  
The service was pleasant.  We were informed that my friend's Belgian waffle would take extra time, which was nice.  And the waffle was worth the wait - delicious!
I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again, but if I was in the area, I might pop back in.",3.0
"Purchased a 2012 Silverado Chevy a few months ago, I couldn't be happier! The process of buying the car was super easy, I would definitely recommend them and buy from them again.",5.0
"Best burrito I've had in Toronto, plus they have a bulletin board containing nothing but articles from the Onion.

I'm also pretty sure they use a mixture of tzatziki and sour cream, which is brilliant.",5.0
Awesome! Trelysa was awesome. Food was delicious!! The Ga Pow and Red Curry were on point. The spice levels were great!,5.0
"A fine option for Thai food near our hotel in Downtown Vegas.  Portion sizes were a little smaller than I anticipated for the price, but not ridiculously so.  Service was relatively quick.  

We were seated along the bar in the dining room, and the heat lamps were blisteringly hot, though.",3.0
"We will not be going here anymore. The service is slow, they always manage to get our order wrong, and we found an obscure hair in our queso. GROSS!!!!!!! Have given them way too many chances and it seems they just can't get it right!!",1.0
"outstanding taste, fresh, creative and very reasonably priced. service and ambience excellent. hard to beat.",5.0
"Ive only lived in vegas for 18months now and even though I go out almost every weekend I still havent been to the same show more than once. That is until the night I took my gf to see Absinthe. 

I explained it was an intimate freak show where the front row runs the risk of decapitation during a few events. She wasnt convinced but promised me to keep an open mind.

Its been about a year since my last visit and it was great to see some new acts and faces. The girls are very sexy and the male performers are equally impressive.

Be prepared to be offended as they cuss almost every 10mins and even go down the risky racial road but its done in such a way as to not overly offend anyone. 

The gf tensed up, gasped and even covered her eyes once as the acts are done with little to no safety nets. She left saying it was one of the best shows she has seen and she has been here over 10yrs.

Ok now for my complaints. The seats are uncomfortable. Bring a cushion as they are folding chairs that are strapped down and cant be moved. You are only there for 90 mins so its not that bad.  The lights could be better as you are often looking upwards and being blinded by the stage lights.

Its a highly recommend show as far as this local is concerned!",5.0
"Beautifully obscene! This was the absolute highlight of my trip to Vegas. We saw Love and loved it, but I think this was far more entertaining.
If you are PC, pass.",5.0
"I'm not at all familiar phoenix but very familiar with food and good food is a real treat when you stumble across it, so stumble I did. 
I disembarked the metro to attend the Art Walk unaware of my surrounding (Landlubbers wouldn't fully understand) only to round the corner and see Verde, OH happy Days. 
I do my homework by reviewing the pulse of all things good, so weeks ago when I arrived back from sea it was Mexican I was Steering towards so with the help of yelp I knew then I had to try them out. 
It was such good fortune that I had landed on that platform or who knows when I might pass this way again? 
Matt (co-owner) greeted me poised to go the extra distance as I ask what he recommended (common amongst many in the BIZ) and when he said green chili pork I knew he must also be psychic for that is just what I had been thinking weeks earlier when first reading the reviews at yelp. 
It was a true good eats experience from watching my meal's fresh tortillas being made, to savoring them along with small bite constructed combos alternating between the elements that made up my engaging heart's blissful delight. My tongue was experiencing such delights and my senses were as vast as the seven seas that I call home. The Verde isn't just a restaurant serving good food but a testament to the passion of its people and it shows by them going the extra distance, or maybe it was just the intoxication of the fresh wood fired tortillas and the great people gathered around that fire? 
I'll be back since I know now how to get there. Phoenix is now just a little bit smaller and Verde is now a lot bigger since as a cook I'll take the fond memories with me while trying to recreate the dishes without their special flame on the vast ocean I call home.",4.0
We had the chicken wings and they were great. We like the hot and the way hot sauces. Cool atmosphere. Great place for a beer and American food.,4.0
"Bad experience here with their FISH & CHIPS! I was very upset and disappointed with the food I ordered. I couldn't eat my fish at all. After the first bite I could tell that the fish WASN""T FRESH, was OVERCOOKED and covered with THICK BATTER. I even thought that they did deep fried it twice that was why it looked burnt and hard to chew. I don't think i'm too old to chew the battered fish fillet. 

However, I was too silly to not send it back and asked for another one as my husband told me to. I thought they wouldn't treat me with a nice dish anymore if I say something. So I packed it back home and threw it away. (- -"") now I regret it and I am still upset!

It would be better if I talked to our server in the first place... and it might be my bad to order something that shouldn't be ordered in breakfast restaurant! If I ordered classic breakfast, I would be satisfied, I guess. Anyway, I would rather go to Lakeview or somewhere else next time.",1.0
"I'll admit that I come to third Fridays mostly for free pinball, so my art critic chops are not really on display here. That said, there's a nice variety of lots of different art and hipster crafts on display here. Some of it is a bit precious and ridiculous but a lot of it is quite good. Slinking through all the rooms with a beer in hand is a nice way to spend an evening, and there's usually good food available on site.",4.0
Authentic Italian food! Best meal my husband and I had in Vegas. I had the  lasagna and it came with a side salad and two pieces of bread. My husband had the Italian sausage. We both enjoyed our food but the lasagna had the most flavor from the two. We also tried the garlic knots and they were delicious. This is place will not disappoint.,5.0
A lot of meat but that's the only good thing! It was prepared by the same person handling the money with dirty nails. He had been smoking and he reeked. I was expecting pickles or peppers on the side with a pastrami sandwich but nothing! I am totally disappointed. I ordered the wedding soup too but received chicken noodles instead. A waste of $16.00 and I tossed it all in the trash!!,1.0
"Such a cute gelato shop just opened up on Queens Quay. Perfect location just beside a small park, amazing decor, great friendly service and most of all DELICIOUS gelato! Everyone should check it out if you're nearby, also offer small cakes, muffins, etc. and pop shoppe pop!! Good luck to this new business!",5.0
"Don't order online, doesn't work, company lied about placing my order. Received emails confirming  order. After hour & half, texted to see where my order was & was told it's about to leave rest. Called rest. & they told me they never received it from online company. Took 2 hours to get pizza. Call your order in.",1.0
"I can't believe it has taken me so long to write about Amalfi's!  I really love this restaurant for lunch.  Don't be put off by its strip mall location.  The food is great and the lunch specials can't be beat.  

I typically go to Amalfi's for lunch, and they have a great selection of lunch specials, along with the regular full menu and daily specials. So, my favorie lunch is the stuffed shells.  The special includes hot, fresh bread, salad and 2 yummy baked stuffed shells covered in melted cheese, fresh from the oven.  All for about $6!  It is the perfect amount for lunch.  You can't beat it.",5.0
"Having this park right across the street for work is great!!  Now that the weather is getting warmer I enjoy going over at lunch.  Sometimes I bring my lunch and just sit near the lake/pond and enjoy the fresh air, ducks, geese, and people.  Currently I come over at lunch to walk the mile loop around the lake.  Great way to get some excersize in and some beautiful scenery.  I have not tried the new desert walking trail, but hope to in the next couple of days.

I do watch those ducks and geese when I walk by, I think they may attack me, haha.  Just don't have food in your pockets!",4.0
"Good service but a bit sloppy. They bent the mini screw and didn't put it all the way in, had to do it myself at home... With a magnifying glass..... I did receive a message from the shop asking if I was satisfied with the services, after explaining my experience I was asked, to in the future to just bring anything back that i thought wasn't correct and they would be happy to have a look. 
I would still recommend this shop first over any other I have ever experienced.",4.0
"I came here to fix my ipod touch 1st generation. At first I was pretty upset because I didnt hear from them for a few weeks, and when I called to check up, they acted like they had no idea my ipod was even there and the phone number they had put on my file was something TOTALLY different than what I had given them. They said they would call me back the next day and then I didnt hear from them for about 2 more weeks. 

So why am I giving them 5 stars? you are probably asking yourself.
Well, when they did finally call me back, they were super apologetic, they let me know they had tried everything to fix my ipod and they just couldnt. 
They asked me to come in so they could give me a 2nd gen. ipod touch free of charge because ""it's the right thing to do"". 
In my opinion that's true customer service. They figured out how to make it right in the end so I left with a feeling that I got something more than what I came for.",5.0
"This is a great addition to the Charlotte donut scene. Yes, I know Duck's is a chain, but they are doing donuts right.These are cake donuts so don't expect a krispy kreme. I've been here twice now and happy every time. They have a simple concept and they don't try and be fancy. Pick your type of cake donuts and frosting and pick it up at the end of the bar. Simple and sweet. For 1.20, this is a great little treat! Also, if you heat up the donuts as the box recommends it's heavenly. The staff is friendly, the donuts are fresh and the line is quick. 
For the price of Dunkin' I'll take Duck's any day.",5.0
"This place has gone way down hill. At check-in, the man smirked and laughed because our rooms weren't ready and they were the wrong rooms. He didn't believe a word I was saying. I said I had a confirmation letter. He said, ""But you don't understand"". When I reached for the letter, he said, ""I'm going to get a manager."" The manger read me the hotel riot act from the insider's point of view, how these things happen, etc. I showed her the letter more than once. Nothing but boilerplate. Worse, the bar service at video poker is rude, if anything. Sat at one for ten minutes after ordering a drink. Only three people at bar. Pass! $42 dollars this AM for three O.J., two coffee, and three banana nut muffins. Stay where you get the best deal.",1.0
"There are many better casinos!!!
I stayed at Caesars for 1 week (Sun to Sun) - paying for a sleeping room, daily coffees; snacks, Nobu and one of the best but most expensive buffets ever.  During this trip I also dined at other fine establishments and for the remaining (3) days of my visit I gambled in other casinos.  So I dropped plenty of money at Caesars between the room, food/beverages and gambling!  I am unique gambler in the sense that I am comfortable giving my money to the casino as long as I get to play!!  So I made a donation every night to Caesars for the first 4 nights - on the fifth night, I played and broke even.  Ecstatic not to have a lost, I went to cashier to cash my chips!   That is when I discovered that Caesars treats the ordinary gambler as a second class citizens!  I waited over 20 minutes to cash in - 20 MINUTES!!!  Why.....because I was eighth in a growing line of people in a non-platinum corral.  Initially there were 3 of 9 windows open NONE OF WHICH was the window marked ""all"".  This meant that every time a cashier was available the platinum people were selected and the non-platinum people remained stagnate.  I get the purpose of platinum status and the privileges associated with being an elite member of a casino, airline carrier, etc. etc.  But when the fourth window was opened and it was still marked platinum and service was continued to the platinum members over the growing line of regular folks, well I along with those around me became infuriated!!!  Let me point out that out of all windows, most were marked platinum, a couple gold and only one ""all"".  This is understandable, but NOT to have a single ""ALL"" window open is completely unacceptable!!!  I complained to the teller who was not interested, I spoke to a pit boss who suggested I speak to a manager, a manager was summoned and he suggested I fill out a comment card as he has no control over the cashier station!  
I begrudgingly completed  my stay but for the remaining (3) nights I refused to gamble at Caesars, refused to eat at Caesars and would only purchase my first morning coffee at the Starbucks at Caesars!!  This ""common"" or aka ""all"" gambler will NEVER stay - NEVER gamble at another Caesars own property in Vegas or Jersey ever again!!!",1.0
"Not bad for an old relic. This dinosaur of a casino is actually a lot nicer and more modern than what I was expecting. The suite I was staying at overlooked the pools and was located in the Palace Tower, which is one of the newer towers (the Palace Tower opened in 1997, while the Augustus Tower opened in 2005 I think). The size of the suite was roughly the same, if not larger, than a standard suite at the Palazzo. But, the bathrooms are much nicer. There were 2 bathrooms (his and hers) with a 2 person shower with 2 shower heads joining them. The smaller bathroom consisted of a sink and toilet, while the larger bathroom had a toilet and bidet, sink, and hot tub. The suite was tastefully decorated with modern furniture. The king-size bed was comfortable but a little softer than I prefer. The view from the 11th floor was decent -- overlooking their pools, but there's not much else to see except the other towers and I-15. My only complaints are that the hot tub was extremely loud (like having a lawn mower in the bathroom) and it took close to 10 minutes for the hot water to kick-in with the showers. Other than that, the suite was amazing. It was a little bit of a hike from the parking garage and the signage could be improved but it's well worth the trip. Caesar's has done a good job staying relevant all these years among the mid- to top-tier hotels in Vegas. Although their clientele is definitely a mixed bag of high-rollers and some... um... not-so-high-rollers... and everything in between. They may not be in the same class as Wynn/Encore or the Bellagio, but they're a good option if you're looking for a hotel one or two steps down from that.",4.0
"If I could even give them a zero star, I would. The sad thing, I have never even stepped foot on this facility. But, after the way they treated me on the phone and the terrible customer service, I can only imagine how the food would be and how you would be treated in their restaurant. So, what is my grief? On the 3rd of May, I was driving home on my motorcycle down Hacienda and I am about to make a left turn onto Jones, when their Fiat with the plate number SKH2 almost hit me, not even paying attention to the road because he was to busy reading a piece of paper. I try to chase him down, but he runs a red light at Russell and Rainbow. When I get home, I called their restaurant and asked for a supervisor, I got hung up on. So, I called a second time, asked for a supervisor again and explained what had happened, they hang up on me again. The third time, I called they finally took my number and said that their supervisor would contact me the next day. I guess they forgot to tell the supervisor. If this is the way you treat people, then that just show how your customer service is.",1.0
"Great food but only gets 3 stars from me because of their lousy service. And they keep raising their prices! The place is very busy most of the time, so the wait for the table or the food is very long. Order before you get there.",3.0
"A wonderful place for BBQ. I'm so happy to finally have somewhere close by that doesn't rely on frozen food, they don't even own a microwave! 
We got smoked turkey, brisket, pulled pork, Mac n cheese, pasta salad, carrots, two drinks and our bill was under $20. Everything was so good, my favorite was the turkey. Not overly smoky with just the right amount of spices. We grill and smoke often at home and this restaurant exceeded our expectation. The owner is very sociable and chatted with the patrons the entire time.  You can tell he has worked extremely hard to make this place happen. I love it here, charming place with excellent food, try it out!!",5.0
"Oh the 99 cents only store. First off, things may be labeled .99 but the register rounds it up to an even dollar. Not really a big deal, even for a frugal shopper like me. The biggest deterrent to coming here would probably be the admittedly sketchy neighborhood but there was a security guard at the door who also wandered out to the parking lot so that's a good thing. The store was quite clean and well stocked and even had a few refrigerated fruit items which caught me by surprise. The reason I visited in the first place is because I heard that they carry a very difficult to find brand of potato chips called Poore Brothers out of Phoenix. Now that I've visited though, I can definitely see myself coming back! (As long as it's not night!)",4.0
"2nd Amendment Gun Shop gets 5 stars from me. Very friendly and helpful staff. Had what I needed in stock at a fair price. The owner is a super nice guy, he takes his time to explain things. Good people make all the difference, you feel welcome when you walk in.",5.0
"Me and my brother make a stop there every year for fine cigars, great Sangria and great atmosphere. Fantastic selection of cigars, everyone there is very knowledgeable on the stock in the humidor, never a bad smoke. Highly recommended stop.",5.0
"Food was okay. Ordered our burgers medium rare and they were served medium well. I understand the need to cook meat through for food safety. But... If the meat quality is good this shouldn't be an issue. I don't like medium well, which is why I ordered medium rare. It is stated on the menu that the burgers are served medium well.  Don't ask how we want it done if that's not a option and you are going to serve it the way you want, irrelevant of how we order.
Service was good although another issue is if you're paying by credit card, we were told to swipe the card at the order machine on the table. Our server was good, but isn't that his job?  
With order machine at the table and paying ourself, the wait staff is less attentive and drinks were slow to be refilled or reordered, oh wait we do that ourselves on the machine in the table. 
Customer service is lacking, maybe I'm old fashioned, by why are we tipping if we are doing the ordering and paying ourselves?",2.0
"Picked up take out from here for the first time. I've known about this place for years and don't know what I waited for. I asked if there was a special and it was a stewed lamb with broad beans and tomatoes. Delicious! It came with steamed rice and a salad with an excellent dressing and pita bread, I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.",5.0
"Great dinner before seeing Seinfeld at Caesars!  Jerry is even painted on the wall, as are many of the other Caesars performers.  
Bread basket:  loved the cheesey bread and the pretzel bread
Wine:  great bottle of Cab, we ordered one of the cheaper ones and it was excellent 
App:  crab cakes were phenomenal  (me) and okay (my husband who said my homemade ones were better!)
Entrees:  filet oscar AMAZING!!!  Check out my photo...and all of the crab you will see!!
New York strip was good (my husband's), but both of us agreed that mine was definitely better than his.  So, the moral of this story?  Get your steak oscar style!!!
Side: cream corn brulee, really good and really unique
Dessert:  no room!
Overall I would recommend, especially if you are going to a show at Caesars!",4.0
This place is a great place for traditional American breakfast! None of that weird fufu stuff here. The portions are huge and the food is excellent. Traditional home style breakfast! Get there early because there usually is a line but it moves fast.,4.0
Very good food for the price. Not very generous portions but We've tried several dishes and all were fresh and tasty. Definitely a must stop when we come into town.,4.0
"They say the best places are the ones that are hidden in little shacks and huts. Well this place doesn't get more true to that saying. It is small, hidden, and tight. But they have the best tasting Vietnamese noodle soups in town. Being one of my native pallet cuisine's, I get picky with Vietnamese food, usually my AUTHENTIC places are in the west end of Toronto, near Jane and Finch. Don't ask why the best Viet food is always in the rundown ghetto, just usually go eat and bounce. 

Now this place Bong Lua is pretty unique. Aside from the traditional Pho, Bun, Com, they actually have  signature dish. It is called ""Bun Dap"" literally sounds like what is spelt there, it consists of a ""guon"" cold rolls with a twist. You get to choose the grilled meat you want, then inside has Lettuce, pickled carrots, vermicelli, herbs, peanuts, smaller thinner rice paper, and shrimp crackers. When you dip this ""Noc Mum"" fish sauce, crunch of the cracker and veggies and grilled meat is very satisfying. You may think ""Damn too many layers and must be a mix of confusing textures"". NOPE! It actually works very well, when you are still able to differentiate the different layers, and flavours. 1 order is enough to share for 2-4 people as an app and enough for 1 to be a meal. Almost like a BIG MAKI roll, but Viet and lighter! Oh and try their curry goat/lamb, it is very on point and satisfying. They make so many homemade dishes that a lot of restaurants don't make.

Overall this restaurant is awesome! soups on point, quality is consistent, and portions are HUGE! if you go as a couple I suggest get 1 regular size noodle and 1 app, it is more then enough food for 2. If you do feel ambitious to order the larger bowl then, please let your friends know they will need to carry you out. 

Friendly reminder, they don't take reservations, and it is a small place, but people come and go fast. Spare some time to wait during peak hours, and they dont open late, but it is well worth the time and money.",5.0
"This was probably the absolute worst place I've rented a U-haul.  I rented a trailer for 1 day, not even 1 day.  It should have cost me $29 plus tax.  The owner, who is one of the most annoying people to deal with, charged my card $135.  When I called up to figure it out he said I had it for 2 days and would only refund me $60 instead of $100.  DO NOT go here if you don't want to get ripped off.  I wish I could gi",1.0
"Just moved out here from LA and I've had my fair share of good cuts and few great ones. Original Barbershop hooked it up and I gotta say I'm definitely coming back. The staff was really cool and I had chance to meet the owner Carl who was very professional and hospitable.

Shout out to Anthony for the clean cut, thank you",5.0
"The customer service we got was super friendly. Seems like a small family run business which I liked! I got two pastry desserts while we were here: the napoleon and the fruit cake. The Napoleon was very flaky, custard filled, and delicious. However, the fruit cake was still frozen.... It was 11:30am and they opened at 10am. They still didn't have all of their breads ready for lunch time. I ordered the Da Vinci, but they had to substitute the original bread with whatever they had which ended up tasting stale.",2.0
"Blown away. I thought we had good vegan food in San Diego but wow I am still thinking of this place a full month after my last visit. The kale salad was mind-boggling, simple yet incredibly delicious. We got the sampler platter #3 and it was an insane amount of food, but everything was so good that I had to eat it. I had slight regret from being very full after, but otherwise I would do it all over again. Way to go Chef Stacey!",5.0
"I went here because of the location close to my friends house.  The service was kinda slow, but the food was pretty good.  Its such a mixed crowd, I gave it 3 stars.  Some people will give it 1 and others will give it 5.  Go here for cheap drinks, food and games playing for a good time.  If you want a fine dining experience, I'd suggest elsewhere.",3.0
Everything here is super bomb. Love this place with a passion.  A hard core authentic Mexican food experience.,5.0
"Great course if you don't play full fare.
Excellent conditions, 
True & challenging greens,
Course rewards good shots and isn't too punitive for bad ones

Would definitely play again.",5.0
My favorite course in Vegas.  Glad they include range balls again too.  Play Diablo if you can and ask about local and Veteran discounts.  Great rates!!!!,5.0
"This is primarily a place for drinks and cocktails.  If you're looking for a memorable food experience, this is not the place to go to.

Having said that, the current menu is not at all like what is posted on the website.  The current slate of dishes are mostly Asian-fusion inspired, and rather lack-luster, that I feel they should have stuck to the current website menu.  And also makes me question why they opted for such a drastic change.

Anyway, if my memory serves me right, my friend and I ordered the following:

...half-dozen oysters, I believe they were from New Brunswick (the bartender shucking them didn't know what he was doing, and left shell fragments in the oysters)... 
...some sort of cold noodle salad (a take on a Vietnamese salad), which had some avocado, shredded cabbage, and sweet vinaigrette dressing...
...a torched beef tartare, that had an interesting creamy dressing on top, and was ""Asia-fied"" with sesame oil...
...and a scallop and pork belly, with a taro and chive mash (the scallop was too salty, and the pork belly was a puny strip...c'mon, really?  Skimping out on the pork belly?  That stuff is pretty cheap)

These dishes should be considered tapas, because the portions were quite small and extremely pricey for their size.  In fact, the dishes were so small, that my friend and I paid our bill as quickly as possible so we could drive down the street to grab burgers from Burger's Priest, before they closed for the night.

Normally, I would provide photos of the dishes, but the ambient lighting was too low to get any decent shots.  Overall, a great environment for drinks (as their menu appears to be catering more towards beverages), but if you're looking to get a decent meal I would recommend opting for somewhere else.",3.0
"The weekly Yelp review of a few days ago rated the cocktail, ""Dark &Stormy"". My

new, favourite local cocktail destination in my neighbourhood,(Leslieville) has been

offering the best rendition of this drink, ever. Other than the local version in Bermuda,

using Gosling's over proof rum(not available in Canada) , Goods and Provisions has

taken this drink to new levels of deliciousness ! ! A must try for anyone stopping by

this very cool Bar/Resto. Bravo !   Arthur",5.0
"4.5*

This is def one of my fav Joeys in Toronto. Been here a few times, services has always been GREAT! Food is tasty and price is average with any ""bar food"". The best part about this restaurant is that it has an open patio on their second level. Its got a nice view and fresh air especially during the summer time. If you haven't made your way up there, you should!

They are also located right next to a good ice creme shop. Def a plus!",4.0
"Went on the spur of the moment for dinner.  The food and service were both outstanding!  They make an amazing marinara sauce that is beneath their fried mozarella.  If it was bottled, it would be in my pantry.  I had the lasagna which was meat laden and although it was the lunch portion, I had enough for lunch the next day.  My husband had eggplant parm which he raved about, and again brought home enough for a second meal.  Hot garlic rolls were too good to pass up.  The side salad was so-so, but very fresh.  Heck...even their coffee was great!  We will absolutely go there again...and again!  Great value!",4.0
"No real complaints, we went just to grab a drink during a holiday and sat at the bar. Service was fast and the each drink was made well. Price is right around 9-10 for a drink. Nice spot to watch a game as well or just grab something different. They do have a decent happy hour advertised.",4.0
"I wish I could give this place a higher rating. The food is worth something more, however, the service is terrible. I mean...absolutely terrible. As I write this, my server is out front flirting with girls from another table and eating pizza...after we asked him for our check. It took fifteen minutes to even get our drink orders...I just...don't come here unless you have an entire evening to blow.",1.0
"It's 4 stars out of 5 each and every time. Very consistent. Close to home, easy carry out, good environment. BETTER environment would make it a 5 star. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.",4.0
"I've heard mixed reviews about the place, but I was in a crunch and needed to have access to food quickly right after my workout. I ordered online for a 11:30am pick-up. The wait at the cashier was a bit long, but that's expected during a lunch rush. What I didn't expect was once I finally got my Smoked Turkey and Avocado sandwich and sweet potato fries, that everything was mushy and cold. I'm assuming they made my order as soon as I placed it and it had been sitting out for awhile. The flavors were there, but I was really disappointed by the state of my food. I haven't had any reason to go back since and I think next time I'm in a jam, I'll probably end up at Greens & Proteins instead. Maybe one of these days I'll try to order in person and see how it fares. 

This isn't a knock on Rachel's Kitchen, but their customers need to learn how to drive better and not randomly talk in the middle of the parking lot while cars are trying to pass through. This location is in a tight parking lot and Rachel's Kitchen is one of the first businesses in the strip mall entrance. They're always zooming out too fast, parking poorly in spaces, or backing out without checking if anyone is behind them. (sorry/end rant)",2.0
"Cool atmosphere, menu had great choices.
Waited almost 30 minutes for 3 burgers, place was not even remotely busy.
Burgers are dry and bland. The fries were barely seasoned, and not good. The sauce was good though.
Don't waste your money, a $12 burger shouldn't be this bad.",1.0
Horrible service. Food was plain and not good. Got a BBQ chicken salad and it was blah.,1.0
"If you have a Papillon do NOT groom it here. I have a papillon who's black has faded to a beautiful brown giving him nice layers of different colors. 

We told them NOT to cut any colored fur and only to cut the white fur on his belly (because it's unsanitary when he pees) which they did not do.

I pick him up and the fringe around his ears are gone! They cut almost all the black around his face which will take up to a year to grow back, obviously not listening to the instructions I gave. I had a word with the groomer and she tells me it's NORMAL to cut their fringe!!!

What world does she live on?

You would think they would know a thing or two about how different breeds coats are supposed to look and that a papillon means butterfly in French! They are MEANT to have fringe around their ears because they look like butterflies!

AWFUL experience. They are scissor happy, inexperienced groomers who have no idea what they are doing and do not listen to instructions!",1.0
This is my second review of this place. The new manager Jeff Chandler is super helpful and has a great positive attitude. Today was the best experience I've had here although I have never had a bad experience here.,5.0
"One positive, the bartender was on top of it. That is where the positive experience ends. My group was here in the restaurant to eat some food and not watch the fight, thus got a table away from all the TVs. They still charged a $10 cover even though there was maybe 10 minutes left in the fight when arrived and no clear view of the TV. $7.50 pitchers we found were $14 after the pour. Could not get a waitress to serve us food. The lady who collected the $10 had a smart and vindictive response to everything. Bathrooms smell horrible. Maybe the worst experience on Blue Diamond? Maybe this place has a better and friendlier wait staff at non peak times? Would not recommend to anyone who wants a cheap drink and good atmosphere.

@Glen - Take things personal much? How about not mocking customers and be situational with it? If one person asked if there was a problem at the time, that would go a long way towards displaying good customer service. Just saying.",1.0
"I am a mom with three kids in tow and a baby that is scared of car wash sounds when I have to take him to the ones where you get out of the car.
Going through the tunnel is an experience they get excited for! And FREE vacuuming is what every mother needs.... Everyday. 
I wish there were more car washes like this one! This is so helpful for this season of life. No complaints here ;)",5.0
"The view is great! Food and wine list are excellent. As you know I only give 5 starts to restaurants with exceptional menu, vegetarian menu and wine list.  
We had the tasting menu (they have a vegetarian option too) I loved it! And the wine...... Loved the wine! 
We even received a nice email asking if we had enjoy our experience! Definitely will me back!",5.0
Special Rainbow Pho please! Broth soooo good!,5.0
Had the pretzel sticks for an appetizer as I am a sucker for soft baked pretzels I thought they were delicious. I got the burger with pulled pork on it and I must say I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was. I used the hottest BBQ sauce they offered to add some BBQ favor and it was also pretty good but I must say it wasn't all that hot. Overall a very cool place and everyone else in my party was pleased with their food. We will return for sure.,4.0
"I have eaten here twice with friends and both times very good. I have no complaints except you may have to wait on a Saturday or Sunday night. Even then we didn't wait long.  Excellent Mexican food, I had the beef chimichanga which was absolutely delicious.  Basically everything good and the staff even though busy are warm and ready to serve.  Go check it out, and will not break your pocket$$$$.",4.0
Came in to the restaurant close to closing time and the staff was really helpful. Got my wings in 10 minutes and with extra sauce!!! Couldn't have asked for a better place to get my wings!#freequentflyer,5.0
I just recently moved to AZ from the East Coast.  I was looking for a place to get my Honda serviced and was glad I found Tempe Honda.  These folks are top notch and all about taking care of the customer.  My service adviser Dennis was extremely courteous and honest.  I will definitely be back.,5.0
"Even though I didn't end up buying a car from World Motors, they were nothing but helpful in my endeavor to buy a new set of wheels. I contacted World Motors when I was on the hunt for a Prius. Unfortunately, they had recently sold the Prius I was looking for, however the gentlemen at World Motors proceeded to help me find a Prius from another dealer, and continued to help me through the process of buying the car. Stand up guys! I definitely recommend you check out this spot the next time you are on the hunt for a new car.",5.0
"This is not a place for the calorie conscious, so dieters need to swear off this place like the plague. Even the salads here are smothered in bacon, eggs, cheese and dressing. But if you feel like punishing your arteries in the most delicious fashion, I highly recommend Matt's Big Breakfast. I've heard from just about everyone I know that this place is the bee's knees, the elephant's eyebrows, the eel's hips...and the buzz wasn't wrong. 

This place has some amazing hangover food, so after a night of indulging we arrived at this little diner around noon thirty and had to wait about twenty minutes to be seated. The temperature was well over 100 degrees by that point, which is not good on the dehydrated and hung over, but they were kind enough to provide a giant tub of ice water so that waiting diners didn't drop like flies before they could be served. Two stacks of complimentary foodie magazines were also present for perusal, but my brain didn't feel like thinking yet. However, by the time we were done with our dining experience at one twenty, there were empty booths all over the place, so if you're impatient, go during the last hour they're open.

Once inside, we sat at the bar, right in the path of the air conditioning vent, with a clear view of the kitchen going ons. Seeing how I drank my share of water outside I ordered an RC Cola (I didn't even know that brand still existed!) that came in a can. While waiting to order, I did some pretty extreme rubbernecking, judging the deliciousness of every dish that came out of the kitchen or was being munched on by others. The menu was modest in size but boasted that they used the freshest organic ingredients whenever possible, and after watching everyone else I was pretty excited when the time came to order. 

I decided to go with my traditional breakfast fare, so I could accurately compare it to other brunch joints: eggs over medium, bacon, hashbrowns and sour dough toast. The Hog and Chick!

And. It. Was. Heaven.

It's clear that everything they offered was as fresh as it could possibly be. The toast tasted freshly baked, doughy yet crisp, and was delicious dipped in my eggs. Thick cut peppered bacon melted in my mouth. The hashbrowns had to have been made on the premises, because they looked exactly like the ones I make in my own home, greyer than the freezer variety and a bit gelatinous. There was even a tiny tub of fresh apricot puree that tasted like there wasn't a lick of processed sugar added. 

And everything was drowned to a lovely crisp in butter.

I only wish it were in Tempe instead of Phoenix, because I'd love to try the other menu offerings. It's cheap, delicious, friendly, and some of the best damn hang over food I have ever had.",5.0
"In the past I've been a member of a gym that offered Pilates classes for an additional fee. Club Pilates Gilbert has saved me the gym membership by offering the classes I really wanted for just the cost of the class. This clean, organized studio offers a variety of classes at convenient times, and I've enjoyed the diversity of teaching styles among the instructors. Pam, Dream, Luann and Becky all have different approaches, which keeps me engaged and interested. I definitely recommend this studio!",5.0
They did a great job on my car. Price is decent for the ceramic tint. I made a appointment with them and dropped of my car. I got a ride home and they called me when my car was done.,5.0
"I'm no coffee coineseur, but I like the coffee and blueberry scones at the campus Arabica.  Mostly, however, I like the old house it's in with its disparate rooms and quiet study rooms upstairs.  Free Wi-fi is always a plus.
Just be careful where you sit in the winter.  If you're not proximately close to a heater or you're not a polar bear, it can get cold.",4.0
"I would not even give this Doctor one star. Yelp required one star, or I would not have chosen a star. Dr. Roeder visited my brother in the hospital who is battling Leukemia. Dr. Roeder visited my brother to treat severe ingrown toenails with edema.The edema was from chemo and lots of retained fluid. Needless to say, my brother has been suffering terribly.  Dr. Roeder showed no compassion. Dr. Roeder would not numb the area or wait for nurses to provide pain medicaiton. Both feet bled profusely. The doctor did not check his platelets or anything. I hope the doctor reads this review and decides to slow down and remember why he became a doctor. Hopefully his reason for becoming a doctor was to help people.",1.0
Scylvia at Danese Creations is the best! Her shop is the only place I take my pants and suits to for tailoring. She is really a pro. I've referred many friends and family to her and would recommend everyone go there.,5.0
"Amazing oysters. We were craving oysters after work - where else would we go but to John & Sons! As with all eateries in the Financial District, it's pretty busy during the weekday lunch hours. We got a table immediately on a Friday evening though at the bar. Service was quick. Oysters were fresh. The company was great.",5.0
"Went in for the 12-hour brisket sandwich but they were out (it's popular!) so had a great burger instead.  Great food, awesome service (especially how busy they were!)...very enjoyable meal. The dessert looked fantastic but we were all too full to partake.  Prices well within reasonable expectations.  Definitely will go again!",4.0
"I came to the restaurant because Guy Fieri is one of my favorite chefs.   The menu has changed this place no longer has tacos serves mostly burgers and appetizers that aren't very good.  I believe if Guy Fieri visited this restaurant himself he would agree it's just not a good representation of his cooking.   I got the triple-B burger which was burnt bacon was burnt the blue cheese was overpowering.
they did take it back and bought out another burger  and it was burnt as well.  Very expensive.  For a burger and a salad along with 2 alcoholic beverages is was $67.",1.0
"Went here after going to ride the High Roller. My husband and I thought the food would be better from watching Guy Fieri on Food Network. We weren't too hungry so we thought we could order a couple of appetizers and we'd be fine. There's only three or four items on their appetizer section. I ended up ordering the Greek salad and he ordered the wings. The lollipop wings are a joke, not much meat and certainly not shareable. There aren't too many wings to begin with and they charge a lot for them. For the price, I would think you would be served a little more. Looking at other tables their burgers and fries look like larger portions. My $16 salad was mediocre. Will not return. This place is like a Hooters, catered to men as the waitresses are walking around in mini skirts and low cut tops and tv screens everywhere with sports games on. The restaurant is decorated in a saloon/sports bar type ambience, loved the skull napkins.",1.0
"First time visit on May 9th. The place was packed-shouldn't have visited on a Friday night but I was craving some sushi.

SERVICE
We had a server named Marc who was just awesome! He was attentive and after telling him that it was our first time there, he ordered some of the most popular appetizers and rolls for us to try. They were all terrific!

FOOD
While our server was super amazing, kitchen people were super slow. We waited over 30 minutes for our sushi. Yes I understand the place was packed but I've never waited that long at a sushi place. I was surprised to see that for AYCE, you only get 90 minutes limit. LOL are you kidding me. Half the time is spent waiting for food. Anyways, appetizers were good but sushi was ok. Some of my favorites were:

-Poke Roll
-Garlic chicken (must try)
-Salad (pieces of tuna and salmon in it. It was delicious!)
-Joe's special

I felt like some of the sushi weren't that fresh. Having raised in Japan, I've had some good sushi and know what fresh sushi taste like-this wasn't it.

CONCLUSION
Not the best but not the worst either. If you are not willing to wait 30 minutes for some sushi, I suggest Makinos for no wait & fresh sushi!",4.0
"Our first visit here, had no idea about AYCE sunday brunch. 

Service was great, no problem here.

Sushi was awesome, we got a bunch. I think the tempura deep fried cali roll was delicious.

On the brunch menu, we got strawberry pancake, french toast, chicken adobo fried rice with egg, mini peanut butter malasadas, peach cobbler pie. and all were excellent.

We will be back maybe this weekend when family is in town.",5.0
"My boys are a BIG fan of this place and so am I. When I'm in competitive eating mode I do the all you can eat sushi. I love the Surf and Turf roll, Town and Country roll, and Big Island Roll, HOLY MAMA! The all you can eat menu is fabulous. The only thing is it's really hard to get a table. Once the big Hawaiians show up they ain't leaving until there times up. They sushi guys are awesome and Erin the waitress is super cool. When I'm not in the mood to be a cow, fried noodles are yummy, avocado poke bowl with taro chips are healthy good, garlic chicken plate is delicious and flavorful, the teri burger broke da mouth, and the custard pie hits the spot. I love this place! An absolute gem :)",5.0
"I love this place!!...
service is always amazing, the food is good for the price and the beers of course! it's a perfect spot to go for Happy Hours or with some friends for a relaxed ""pub"" atmosphere dining at reasonable prices (specially if you go during HH) the portions are generous and you have hundreds of beers to choose from.

Give it a try, you won't be disappointed!",4.0
Great lunch today so nice that they do lunch specials on the weekend.  Great Variety on the menu.  LOVE the chicken tortilla soup I had today for the first time.  Always have had great fast friendly service,5.0
"Well, I should have known. At two points I tried to leave. i went in for a full highlight and cut on Thursday, and for what was supposed to be gloss but ended up as toner. I didn't know how to express what I wanted for color (I wanted darker and richer - we decided on warm base and ash blond), which was a mistake. The instructor guided the student, and we came to an understanding. This was my fault. 

The reason for the low rating was that the process took 4.5 hours, and the foils took 2+ hours to apply. Pieces broke off. The hair that the student (advanced) described as ""silky"" before the process is now fried. The student said the color shuts off. Bleach (I asked for NOT bleach - she said all lighteners were the same) bleach does not shut off. I went to another salon today for a conditioner to repair the damage. Pieces broke off in their hands - I now have chemically induced bangs where I had no bangs. The Aveda instructor only came by twice - once in the beginning and once at the end. The whole process has killed my hair. The cut was a straight-on blunt cut with no hair up, like when we were kids. The salon today fixed that with hair up and nice edges but couldn't resurrect the damage from the 2 hour foil. The reason for the long process was for exactness of placement. But the damage wasn't worth decent striping (and why I gave two stars, considering it was a school).The hair at the top is dark with white blond and the hair at the bottom is reddish yellow. I blame the school and instructors - they were everywhere but not helping the senior student. There seemed to be only one instructor for many students, and that instructor was resurrecting a cut from another student by doing it herself.

I am just shocked. I used to go to the Aveda Institute in NYC, and the instructors were there all the time, and the cut and color were great. The price in Charlotte was very high, especially for the horror wreaked on my hair. It's just really poor. I would not recommend this salon. Go somewhere - anywhere. For the price and work you can do way, way better.

Note for the Institute: train instructors to visit each student's station at least 3-4 times. Train students to wash the bottom of the hair if the foiling takes too long. (The top is not finished/done while the bottom is.) Teach students not to do a blunt cut along the bottom. Teach students to watch the time and ask for help. And please lower your high prices - they shouldn't be half of normal but one fourth.",2.0
"Had a wonderful time here with my boyfriend and his parents. They've recently updated the menu, so all the food is very tasty with large portions. We had steak, succulent crab legs, garlic mashed potatoes (they were excellent), asparagus, oxtail soup, and shrimp cocktail. The waiter, busboy, and hostess were very kind and attentive.",4.0
"I ""Go For The Pho."" Opted for the ""Sirloin and Brisket Pho"" as it was recommended in the many reviews I read. Very nice broth, not as robust as I might like but nice flavor with lots of noodles, sirloin and brisket. Will go back eventually to try the ""Seafood Pho"" as it looked terrific on someone else's table. Bowls of Pho were priced at $7.50

Spring Rolls were excellent, translucent but much too much (6 of them) for one person.",3.0
"We went here with one of our cousins.  They have a beautiful outside seating area set up with lights. It was quite the treat to sit out there. We started our with some drinks... They have some very unique cocktails and their moscato is delicious. We got the baked rosemary ricotta with bread. Sooo delicious!!! We also got the grilled calamari. This was a little bit salty for my taste including the salad it was served with.  The texture of the calamari was perfect, not too chewy. For entrees we got the duck, the scallops and the squid ink pasta. The duck was absolutely amazing!!!  The scallops were also cooked perfectly. The squid ink pasta was a little bland and simple and dos not seem to be up to par to the other entrees. For dessert we shared the salted caramel chocolate cake. Amazing!!!  Overall, great food, had some down points as listed above.  The ambience is unbeatable!!",4.0
"Joined Yelp just so I could write a review on this place! Absolutely love JUICE CORE! The staff is amazing, so knowledgable and patient. Katie, the redhead is usually the one helping me. I JUST LOVE HER! Every time I go in there she lets me try new juices they've concocted and gives me great juicing and yoga advice. 
The pricing is dead on! It pretty much balances out to the same as if you were juicing at home. 
Keep up the good work guys! I'll always come in when I'm in Arizona. I'm addicted and so is everyone who tries it.",5.0
2nd time there and my baby loves it. Everything is cushioned and safe for kids. I don't need to worry about her picking anything off the floor and eating it. Staff super nice . Definitely a place to visit for some indoor fun for kids. Summer time fun for sure.! I will be back.,5.0
Small simple restaurant. No decor. No greeting. You seat yourself. No expression on the owners. Spring rolls are bleah. Pho rice noodles...More noodles...Where the meat at??? $25 meal didn't really fill us up. We only came here because no one greeted us on the other side at Pho Quinn. Be warned.,1.0
"Been here a few times usually with a small group of friends after work. They have a really large bar area and I love the outdoor patio. The drink selection is decent and they are pretty fairly priced. The food is a bit pricey, servings are small, and it is just not that eventful-have had wings, potatoes, and pizza. There are many things to keep you occupied from multiple TV screens, trivia, etc. My biggest issue is although the servers are all friendly service can be painfully slow. I would definitely not recommend this if you were looking for an easy in easy out lunch.",3.0
"Our favorite place for pizza and wings! Nothing compares! Always comes out hot, fresh and consistent and we love it! The price is right and the service is always good!",5.0
"Go someplace else! This place was super slow, we never got refills, they move at a snails pace and they weren't even busy! I got a dried up hamburger on a crunchy bun that swallowed the meat. There was no flavor or any condiments! The fries were super greasy and tasted frozen. We also got the club sandwich which looked better, but it also lacked flavor. We had to ask for ranch 3 times for our appetizer before someone brought it to us. The first waitress looked at us like she was annoyed when we asked for some. She said, ""ya"" and walked back to the bar area and started chatting. We asked our waitress twice before she finally brought it after our entrees had arrived. The entire time we were there the manager kept apologizing to the table behind us about the cooks. He said their pasta was going to come out late because they never prepped it. He originally told them 20 minutes and he came back later and said it would take even longer. I think this place would only be good if you were drunk or thought Peter Pipers Pizza was gourmet!",1.0
"Oh Table 274 - I'm so happy you're in Cotswold! 

With a focus on hard work, locally sourced ingredients, supporting local farmers and frankly, making really really delicious food, Table 274 is well on their way. The restaurant is nestled in the back of Cotswold shopping center (behind the toy store) and boasts an expansive space with plenty of tables and large bar area. I've also seen the bar menu - it looks pretty delicious.

On to the food...I've been here twice now and here's what I've enjoyed....

Italian sausage & sweet potato gnocchi (lunch item): 4.5/5: A really generous portion of practically perfect gnocchi. They make their gnocchi daily (no small feat) and this dish highlights them beautifully. It very sausage-y, so for those who dig a myriad of meat with delicious pasta, get this - you won't be disappointed. 

Strawberry shortcake: 5/5: Light, fresh and damn delicious. They have a fab pastry chef on board and it showwwwws! I shared the dessert with a friend but I could have easily taken it down myself. 

Fresh made rolls & honey butter: 4/5: I know it seems odd to comment directly on the bread but it was pretty great. Who doesn't love a fresh baked roll and honey butter? No one? That's right. 

Fig Prosciutto Flatbread: 3/5: Pretty much the only item I didn't love here. While the portion was generous, this flatbread lacked both prosciutto and cheese. It was super figgy and I was looking for more of the ying and yang w/the meat and cheese added to it. However, the peppery arugula on top was a lovely addition. 

Toasted gnocchi (appetizer): 5/5: Nabbed this dish before dinner and, again, the gnocchi was wonderful. My Italian grandma would love it. This dish features warm prosciutto, spring pea & carrot - even the veggies were nicely cooked, leaving a bit of a crunch. I would happily order this for a light dinner. 

I have no doubt that if Table 274 continues on their merry way that they'll earn a 5th star in no time. It's a great addition to Cotswold...get your nom on!",4.0
"We hired Nick's to help us with a local load/unload of a 2 BR apartment. They arrived 5 minutes early and got to work straight away. They did an excellent job packing the truck and making sure everything was protected. Nick was very friendly and professional. 
At the unload location, Nick even backed up the truck into the driveway for me and put together a desk. They made a stressful day much less stressful. I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone who needs help with a move!",5.0
"Worst hotel experience ever! It's not about the location, everyone knows it's far from the strip. It's service doesn't match its star at all!

1. Disordered system. We booked online, and they can not find our reservation in their system. So they rebooked one night for us without any notification! If I didn't pay attention to my email, we would have paid twice for the same room!! That's really unacceptable.

2. Bad attitude. Both check-in and check-out took us more than 20min. And they don't want to be responsible for what they have done to us as listed in 1. 

3. No bath tub. It's so wired, but they don't have bath tub in the whole hotel.

4. No maintenance. We spent two nights there and there was no cleaning after the first night for no reason!

5. Stupid sensor. They have things available in the fridge and above the fridge. If you have ever touched them, they may charge you even if you didn't consume them at all. So pay attention to the resort fee when you check out!!

It's sooo disappointing experience, we would never go back again!",1.0
"Spot was awesome servers were great and attentive and I could taste the freshness in the ingredients, super bomb must try!",5.0
"The upkeep there isn't great. It's not a posh, upscale kind of place. But the people are super friendly, and the acrylic set I had done was so natural looking, thin enough that you have to look underneath to even tell it's acrylic. There's enough space that the fumes aren't a problem, and the atmosphere is a lot of fun. It's not fancy, but it's clean, and the tech listened to what I wanted and treated me with the respect I feel like a paying customer deserves, which is getting harder and harder to find in Charlotte.",4.0
Tried Turkish pizza for the first time. This was an excellent experience. They have a huge variety of options. My favourite was the lamb. Truly unique. Very quick service. Each pide easily serves 2.,3.0
"I have always loved five guys but this location really impressed me the other night. We weren't sure what time they closed and knew we would be cutting it close when we went. We got there and opened the door and saw they closed at 10 then we were disappointed and went on to find some place else to eat when someone who worked there, I'm  guessing some kind of manager, came out and told us to come on it and that they were still open. It was so nice and refreshing since most places scoff and give you attitude if you come in anywhere close to closing time. He welcomed us inside with such a great attitude and saved the day since that was what we were really craving. I wish I would've gotten his name so I could give him a shout out.",5.0
"We were on the guestlist so girls got 2 free drink tickets and the guys had to pay $30. The pool isn't too big but its nice cause you can just stand in front of the stage with your feet in the pool without having to be completely in the water. 

Lockers were $40 and the bar that takes the free drink tickets is right by the lockers. You can only get one drink at a time though :\ There's also another shaded bar towards the back near the restrooms. Overall had a great time and can't wait to go back!!",4.0
"The food is great in my opinion and they have pretty good deals. Today I had the famous bowl (Only Wednesdays) for only $2.99. That's a really good deal because the portions are generous and satisfying. I'm not too sure why this place is rated so low. It's not bad at all. The cashier, Francis, was extremely kind. I liked her a lot. Nice cashiers are what I really observe to be honest. 

Oh! One thing I didn't like was that there wasn't any sauce packets out. Maybe because it was still early, but I would have appreciated if they were out. Haha. Other than that, KFC is bomb diggity. I will be back!",3.0
"Fun breakfast place with a nice menu.  Nothing fancy, but everything's good!",4.0
"Great pizza, salads, and bruschetta. A little more on the fast food side from a service perspective, but the food doesn't reflect that. Kind of odd set up where you stand in a queue to buy your food then you have to go to a bar to get a drink. Can't complain with the level of the food they're serving though.",5.0
"Bahn Thai is one of our favorite places to eat in Charlotte. The service is wonderful, the prices are just right and portions perfect. Most importantly, the food is amazing. We drive all the way from Huntersville to dine at this gem.",5.0
"Just off the strip but well worth the mile or so drive. Upscale furnishings, dishware, and decor make this feel like a treat. Clear labels in the expansive menus made it easy for us to find vegetarian and gluten free options. Mid-range prices, kid-friendly, and laid-back. Everything was so delicious, staff was courteous and helpful. We started with vegetables pakodas (pakora). Then we had Mango Masala, Palak Paneer, and Baingain Bharta; which were all amazing. The Naan was light and fluffy and the rice perfectly cooked. This is a DON'T MISS restaurant if you are visiting the area.",4.0
I tried many Indian restaurant they were average but this one has a very delicious food specially checkin masala. Love it,5.0
"So apparently they are advertising these new bowls they have. But the problem is you can't have them, because they ran out of all the ingredients. Also if you would like there new beet smoothie forget that too, cause they don't have any beets. What a joke.",1.0
"I'd decided this morning I'd walked by this place one time too many. 

The exterior, truly diner-like, exposes some of the quirky vintage records propped up against the windows, which reminds me of the long gone (from west Durham anyways) Melanie Pringles. 

It seems I walked in just as they opened and was greeted by the wonderful waitress in sunglasses. I resisted the temptation to sit at the counter and thus avoided my clich movie moment. But I digress, 
All-Day Breakfast is where it's at. True, it's hard to mess with, but when it's good, it's good. Real potatoes for homefries, eggs nicely over-medium, sausage, rye, fruit & a good coffee. 

If anything, the mismatched vinyl chairs & tables and the regulars that were just settling in for their morning coffee was enough to bring me back.",4.0
"I just moved to the Vegas and needed to find a place that offers sugaring instead of waxing. I found this place through Groupon - I figured I might as well try it for a reduced rate before picking my regular spot. 

Danielle is the only person there who does sugaring I believe. And she was great! I appreciated that she worked in large, long strokes so she could accomplish a lot with each pull. It was less painful and went by very quickly. She was efficient, friendly and nice to chat with.",5.0
"The Sochu House has an interesting aesthetic style with seemingly random vintage-modern furnishings and splashes of color. The dining room has relatively few tables, is a bit dark, and a little loud from the music. Yet, the chairs are extremely comfortable. 

The food is a unique and creative Asian fusion. The mint pepper chicken dinner plate was amazing. It bursted with flavor from healthy white meat chicken pieces (fried with light skin, no breading), water chestnut, and sweet juicy pineapple chunks. The sauce contained a great blend of spices and was good enough to eat itself. For tapas, the wasabi soy chicken was fresh, nicely grilled, and had a thin layer of teriyaki. It came with the most stunning fresh wasabi and wasabi-soy sauce I have ever had. The quail tapas was very small, but had a good Chinese duck style flavor. However, the green tea cheesecake dessert was a bit disappointing, since it basically tasted like a regular cheesecake. 

Sochu House is located in a bit of an odd location on a high-traffic route, which is a deterrent to going back. While I like the size of the meal portions, since they are small, the value ratio is not on par with other great places in town. Often, I leave other locations with one or two extra meals for the same price and food quality. This is the kind of place that I might bring an out of town guest to, since it is trendy and has creative dishes.",3.0
"dissapointed!!! since i have been in the restaurant management side of it for over 30+ years!!! i do not like to give bad reviews!!! well, i knew that the sirrine family had sold the mckellips location, and i forgot about the fire that they had there! ate and mesa dr. and university years ago right after the ""new"" owners took over, and it was wonderful! well, went to baseline before it shut down and wonderful again! well, went to the ""hacienda"", and i can tell some things - canned chicken was in use! the ""roasted corn"", was the herdez frozen mix, and just plain dissapointed!!! son ordered dos xx beer on tap, and came out warm!!!  on the wonderful side - green salsa at the table with wonderful chips were awesome!!! the male server was only back to check on us twice!!!! not good!!! - the manager(s) did not even ""table touch"" to see if something was wrong!!!! for being ""prime time dinner time"" at 6:30 pm, there was one table being used outside, and about six tables in use!!! - was it the democratic debate on cnn??? - my guess not! i could list more, but that is not my style! i like to be happy about where i go, and it will never be hacienda de rosa's again!!!",2.0
"I'm not sure I would wish cleaning up after me on my worst nightmare, but I ended up getting a dream... Michelle D.  I had been neglecting some of the more horrific chores around my house, and with an out of town trip coming up, I had to get it in shape quickly.  I asked some friends, and HomeJoy came highly recommended.  If only I had known that there was someone out there like Michelle before -- I wouldn't have hesitated.

She is thorough, professional, friendly and let's pray non-judgmental. :)  Within a few hours in her capable hands, I could finally see a light at the end of the tunnel.  My mess was transformed into something straight out of a model home and I could not be prouder... proud that I had the insight to hire HomeJoy and Michelle to help.  

They are affordable and accommodating.  Quick and helpful.  I would highly recommend them to everyone/anyone that needs a magical dusting fairy to lend a hand from time to time, or as I have come to terms with -- on a regular basis.

Don't live in unkempt, untidy, cluttered or muddled messes anymore.. there is another way.",4.0
"I had a pain in my shoulder and elbow that lasted for several months.  Humza diagnosed my issues and prescribed a regime of exercises and physio therapy visits.  After two weeks, I feel almost back to normal.  I highly recommend Humza and Step-up.",5.0
"i normally go to Sudi.  She does a really great job and explained to me that if i dont go to the same person every time my eyebrows are going to be different.  i dont know why i never realized this before but it makes sense.  every artist does them a little different.  I have never had my eyebrows look bad although at times they do become a little thin, but that can be avoided by just telling them you dont want them too thin.",4.0
I checked out the new Stewart Haas shop this week and it was really nice. The staff was very friendly and they had a wide variety of merchandise to choose from. There is a couple of show cars on the floor and a window into the shop so you can watch the guys working. There are also a few really cool pics hanging up of old school Tony racing that I enjoyed seeing. Definetely worth checking out!!,4.0
"I happened to visit the Maharaja on a weekday. The ambience here is great. The three Mahals i.e Sheesh, Rang and Hawa depict Indian culture and traditions. The menu is well divided into 4 sections Awadh, Hyderabadi, punjabi and the Rajputana. The hostess started with a tour of the restaurant and that's great. They treat their customers like the Maharaja. My Server Aman was great, he suggested some great appetisers . The Haryali murg ke parche and the Shahjani Badal Jaam were excellent. For mains we had the Sikandri Raan and dum ki murg Asaf ja, with some garlic naans. Their  deserts are all made in house, my fav was the Kesar Ras Malai. I would highly recommend this place to everyone . If you want to taste the real Indian cuisine, this is your Go to place. Fine dine at its best ! 
Will head back to this place soon:)",5.0
"I called a few consignment stores earlier today to get some info on consignment and I was getting real irritated at how little information or help I was getting from these places. But that changed when I called Colleen's Classic Consignment on S Fort Apache Rd. I received great customer service from this store! The guy I spoke to Mike was not only knowledgeable & friendly but put my worries to ease (I don't like strangers in my home)! I will be doing business here and telling my family & friends about this place, thanks Mike! A little knowledge and a desire to want to help goes a long way.",5.0
"I love this place! It's a bit pricey so it's definitely a special occasions place but the food and service is phenomenal! My favorite is the lemon pepper lamb but I don't really say no to any of the others ;)  I love the salad bar as well for all the options that aren't meat.  The bread they bring to the table are like little clouds of heavenly goodness, I could eat them all day.",5.0
"This company and it's owner, [redacted] is a joke. Actually, it's worse than a joke because he is actively defrauding many Canadians of their money, and harming peoples credit scores by claiming that you can pay them and have peace of mind while in fact they are doing absolutely nothing while your ticket goes into default. This has happened to for both of the tickets I sent their way. Oh man, had I known what kind of a guy [redacted] was, I would have stayed far away. I tried calling him, and all he did was rudely tell me to email them and he would reimburse me. I emailed them, twice, and of course I was ignored. Just look at his replies to people below! He's literally threatening to sue people for leaving bad reviews, and he has the balls to ask people to take down their negative reviews because he refunds them ONLY AFTER HE GETS CAUGHT BY THE MEDIA. Obviously he's very selective about which tickets he actually handles, probably less than half of those he receives and is paid for.

Anyways, if you're in the same boat as the majority of people scammed by this guy, do what John suggested below and issue a chargeback on your credit card. Then, if you have the time, file a complaint with these organizations against [redacted]. Hopefully with enough attention we can get [redacted] barred from ever scamming anyone ever again.

CAFC (Canadian Anti-fraud Centre: 
http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/index-eng.htm

Law Society of Upper Canada: 
http://www.lsuc.on.ca/with.aspx?id=644

Consumer Protection Ontario:
https://www.ontario.ca/page/filing-consumer-complaint

Just watch Mr. [redacted] come on here and claim I'm an ""imposter"" or that he actually did reimburse me... I have the emails to prove otherwise.

EDIT: So I got an email from yelp asking me to remove personal info from my post as a result of a complaint, no doubt from the owner. So, if you want to know who is responsible for your loss and who to file complaints against, just look below - he replied to this review or google ""Parking ticket guys owner"".",1.0
"Doctor is rude, does not seem to actually care about me as a patient! He charged me for the glasses and they were not the right product, and was unapologetic with the mistake. The prices are outrageous and they do not offer brand name labels but the same as Walmart. This would be fine except he advertises for the other brands. I waited for my appointment 45 minutes even though he was not seeing patients at the time since there was no one else there. The overall cost of the exam was $129 at Walmart the same exam would have been around $60. (I'm not an advocate of Walmart but just comparing prices).",1.0
"I have a Volkswagon Jetta and had the tech from Las Vegas, Jose come out to my office and repair a dime size rock damage on my front windshield. NOW after doing his repair it continues to crack and grow larger. I have AAA full coverage insurance and didn't know they were ""affiliated"" with Safelight OR I would have chosen someone else. Of course I understand the dynamic of glass repair on rock damage however the customer service people are jerks and want me to replace my windshield with them. Why on earth would I do that when they didn't fix it right to begin with? HATE this company and the shotty work they did to my car. I would absolutely not recommend anyone going to this company for repairs unless you want to eventually purchase a new windshield. It is a scam",1.0
Delicious loved the atmosphere and the food. It was busy but still fast. Would visit again for another delicious pancake.,5.0
"It's everything you can imagine for a Chinese restaurant.  The elegant dramatic decor, the busy staff doing MARATHONS and most of the restaurant blocked off for a 50th anniversary banquet celebration but no dance floor available which can be a good thing for the 2 left footers.

Food is A-OK priced and tasty, however the complimentary SOUP is pretty much salted water.  Portions did disappoint a little but then who asked us to come to a traditional Chinese restaurant in Market Village?

We got something that resembled a Sweet&Sour Shrimp Balls which was something I enjoyed with an interesting TEXTURE that is similar to the Fake-Lobster Balls sold at Chinese grocery markets except it is make with whole shrimps rolled into a ball shape.

The Crispy Fried Chicken has a nice thin crisp skin and flavoured as good as I've had anywhere else.  The whole plate was scattered full of Shrimp CHIPS more than usual which my believe is to do two purposes, to hide the lack of Chicken and to add to the plating appeal.

We had a vegetable dish that had Bok Choy, Shitake Mushroom and Sea Cucumber and OMG those Sea Cucumber was the size, color and shape of a Rats Penis.  It was FUNNY as one of the managers came by to sell some FRESH Sea Cucumbers to patrons for $20.00 which were actually worth the value while I stare at ours looking like Rat droppings.

With all this said, I would still consider coming back.  Especially when I paid my portion of $10.00 tax/tip INCLUDED for the whole dinner with a group of 9 regular consumers.",3.0
"The last few weeks I have been in and out of this Napa way too many times and Thankfully they are a helpful bunch. I'm not saying they are Head Mechanics... but they are knowledegable and can even help the women that walk in to the store that don't know what a Radiator Cap is. 

- The Customer Service is A-OK... Just depends on how lucky you are on who you get that day. 
- The Cleanliness of the Store is A-OK... Its an automotive store... It can't be spotless!
- The Selection of In-Stock Parts & Other Vehicle needs it Awesome. They almost 
ALWAYS have what I need for my Truck in store & If not then its usually a 24 Hour Turn Around... How convenient is that! 
- Hours are AWESOME as well, 7 Days a Week... Hey Discount Tire you need to get on this ship & Join the Open 7 Days a Week, Yes Even Sunday Businesses! 

Keep up the good work guys... Will be in soon for more parts!",4.0
"Should have Yelped this place first. It lived up to its other poor reviews. Slow service, but friendly. The food was average. The chicken and shrimp came on a sizzling platter with burnt cheese spattering grease on my t-shirt. The chicken was overcooked but edible. When you're on-the-road traveling your food options are often chancy. I've learned my lesson to Yelp first.",2.0
Worst experience at a TGI Friday's. Total of 3 tables occupied during lunch hour and still waited an hour for our food. The food wasn't worth the wait either. Only thing good about my experience was the Jack Daniel's sauce!,1.0
This is one of my favorite restaurants. Great atmosphere and food. The parmesana crusted chicken is the best! I like that i can see all the sports games.,5.0
"These guys are great....they have every battery you could possibly want from watch batteries to laptop batteries....and all for great prices. I went in the other day to get a laptop battery after finding one online through my wife's employee discount purchase program for 101.00. However since I don't really like to wait on things....I went to this locale to see how much it would cost because I knew they had it. The battery originally cost 100.00 bucks but when I told the guy behind the counter about the deal I got online....he sold me the brand new battery for 89.00....with a one year warranty to boot. So I left the store with battery in hand....one year warranty...and a big smile on my face. Eat, Drink. and be Merry my Friends!!!!",4.0
"I've used JMAC twice so far and I've found them to be incredibly responsive and honest. They speak to you in terms you can understand and take a conservative approach with their recommendations. They don't rely on scare tactics to upsell services and I've found them to be incredibly fair with their pricing. I'll continue to call them when my AC or heater needs servicing or repair, and you should too!",5.0
"Chase is everything evil,, like most of the big banks (BofA, Citibank) that nearly collapse our economy in '08.  
However, their proposed mortgage rates saved us tens of thousands of dollars over the future of the mortgage, so we signed a deal with the devil.  Now regretting that, should've gone with the non-profit Patelco instead!

The usual sweettalking and oh-so-responsive until you sign with them.... then you can't get ahold of them at all, there's delays & they make mistakes you have to struggle to fix.

The most recent: Sent our check to their AZ office.  Happily cashed our LARGE ""Additional Principal Payment"" check on 3/3 (that we sent in with a form that specifically says this is an ""Add'l Principal Payment"".  March statement comes showing check is cashed but sitting there ""Unapplied"".  Ok, the statement was generated on March 4th,  it's still suspicious that they couldn't cash & apply it on the same day, but I'm sure they did that to keep accruing interest.
Next month, statement comes and the LARGE amount of $ still shows as ""Unapplied"".  So they get to take my money, charge me interest on the loan and do jacksh*t with it?

So I call and get the ubiquitous out of country call center with a guy speaking in a singsong voice who REPEATS EVERYTHING I SAY and prefaces every single freaking sentence with my name (which is soo creepy I dont' know why they train them to do that!)   He now claims that they've applied the payment, supposedly retroactvely but couldn't give a specific date and my loan amount has gone down.  Yeah, i'll believe that when I see it on the next statement.  And were they just going to sit on all that money until I noticed? 
Untrustworthy through and through and  why I use my credit union for everything else when I can.",1.0
"So, after my experience with Dim Sum at Cathay House, and so many of my friends swearing by this place, I had to try it.
Sadly, it was, IMO, not as good as CH. There wasn't one vegetable at all. Not one. I dont need a massive amount, but it's nice to get some greens when eating all that pork!
We tried quite a few of the same things that we had at CH, and I just liked the flavor better at CH.
The service is very good, and the price can't be beat. Our table was full with food, and it came to $14PP.
I left full and satisfied, but doubt I will return.",3.0
"I was craving for dim sum while in Vegas. So my friends and I ended up here for brunch. The dim sum was delicious and fresh tasting. This location is spacious, has good food and service. I would definitely come back here if I am ever in Vegas again.",4.0
"This is the story of The Great Food Truck Clusterfuck.

The Food Truck Festival welcomed us with a hot dirt lot filled with thousands of people standing in zig-zaggy Disney Land-esque lines with maybe 20 - 25 food trucks.  The promotions for this event stated ""over 30"" trucks would be there, but I guess that doesn't matter since you wouldn't be able to try all of them anyhow.  Each line was 50+ people deep and took 20 - 30 minutes of standing in one to get a bite size sample. 

You had to stand in THREE lines to get a beer. One for ID check. One for wristband. One for beer. 

For some reason, children were admitted for free - this created a mess of strollers trying to push through lines and unattended children running around, bumping in to people. 

The Mister and I were here for 2 hours and tried itty bitty samples from four trucks.  I was so disappointed and frustrated in this event that I asked for a refund.  I was presently surprised that that process was very painless, basically no questions asked. The staff and cooks were all very friendly and did a great job, even though they were all in way over their heads. 

I understand that this is their first time putting on this event and they will sure have plenty to learn for the following years. I want to support this, and if I hear about changes being made I will certainly try it again next year.",1.0
"Exploring a new restaurant is always of interest.  The menu at Cafe Deia caught our attention, along with a few other specials they were offering.

Starting off with their White Sangria ($20 pitcher), I found it to be a bit strong and not sweet enough.  I had to ask for some simple syrup so I could enjoy it morel.  Like Amy S. mentioned, they could really use some real fruit in there.  I like my sangria loaded with fruit and it's mostly lemon slices in there.

A pretty large menu to choose from, but we decided to go with tapas all the way.

* Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese ""Thinly sliced imported Serrano ham served with Manchego and a French baguette"" ($9) - Highly recommended by our waiter, Chris.  Warm baguette arrived with a few slices of cheese and salty ham. Yes, it's good and very rustic.  Reminds me of the kind of food you grab for a picnic when you're overseas.  They give you more bread if you need it too!

* Tuna Tartar ""Diced ahi tuna mixed in wasabi, soy sauce and Asian chili paste served with avocado and green onions"" ($8) - The avocado and tomatoes are served in a crispy shell with the tuna mixture and hard-boiled egg bits on the side.  Good, but needs some assembling if you want to get all the tastes in your mouth at once.

* Shrimp Ceviche ""Tiger shrimp cooked in lime and lemon juice, mixed with avocado, cucumber, red onions and chili pepper"" ($9) - Generous on the shrimp and tasty!  It was good on its own and presented in a nice manner too.

* Bacon Wrapped Figs ""Fresh figs wrapped in bacon and pan seared"" ($7) - My absoluter favorite dish of the evening.  A total flavor explosion in your mouth!  The balsamic vinegar sauce adds a nice acidity and sweetness, and is just delicious!  

* Stuffed Mushrooms ""Stuffed Chorizo mushrooms, and baked to perfection."" ($4) - Yummy little buggers as well, along with the balsamic vinegar sauce drizzled on the bottom.  Good stuff! 

* Black Mediterranean Mussels in Garlic White Wine Sauce ""Sauteed in garlic and white wine"" ($9) - Came with bread which is needed to sop up all that wine and garlic sauce laying beneath the mussels.  Yum.

* Mallorcan Soup ""the only soup you can eat with a fork! pork, vegetables and bread slowly cooked in olive oil and natural juices"" ($5) - It's 'interesting' if anything.  More stew-like, and not one of my favorites although the Husband enjoyed it.

Dessert menus are delivered in a letter.

* Fruit Beignet $3 - Pretty disappointing.  Nothing to rave about.  The batter had hints of all the other savory foods that it was fried with.

* Chocolate Banana Crepe ($5) - Highly recommended by our waiter, especially since I wasn't impressed with the beignet.  The crepes were okay, a bit too thick for my liking.  Reminded me of pancakes, which I'm more of a waffle kind of girl.  Simple crepes, folded over, then slices of banana, chocolate sauce, and powdered sugar go on top.  

I think the Spanish Creme Brulee ($7) or Chocolate Lave Cake ($7) would have fared better.

We did try ordering:

* Sausage Platter ""Assorted imported Spanish sausages served with a French baguette"" ($8) - Our waiter wasn't too fond of this and pushed the Serrano Ham and Manchego Cheese dish on us instead.

* Albondigas ""Ground beef meatballs served in a spicy tomato sauce"" ($5) - Again, we wanted to order this, but was discouraged to do so.  Just as well from reading all the other reviews about this dish.

Overall, service was good.  Chris was attentive as well as the other staff that helped along.  The food came out a bit too fast for the two of us, so we had to make room quickly at our table.  The chef came by at one point to check on our meal, which I definitely appreciated that personal touch.  (The Husband also noticed the chef helping out with front room duties too.)  We also saw salads made table side, which is totally unnecessary but a nice presentational effect.

They have a lot of promise.  An outdoor eating area with firepit and happy hour specials can definitely pull in the crowds.  We went during their Mardi Gras specials.  The tapas we ordered are perfect for two to three sharing, maybe even four.  They also serve up salads, paellas, burgers, and pizza if you want something more for just yourself too. 

(Pics posted!)",4.0
"Gluten free options promised, so we tried a turkey sandwich with avocado.   Large portion--very delicious.  5 choices of iced tea blends(free refills) and coffee choices made for a perfect girls' afternoon. Lots of seating outside on the covered patio.  Their parking fills quickly, but plenty of options on street or at the Municipal Bldg.",5.0
"Still amazing. And Ben is fantastic, as well as all the employees. Just the perfect place to get some food after a long day at work.",5.0
"Had been wanting to come here drove the 20 minutes just to find that they were closed on this Saturday. 

DO NOT depend on them to keep regular hours or be open when they say they will be!",1.0
"We saw all the good reviews and had to try!!!! SO GLAD WE DID! We had: Caesar salad - yum, capprese appetizer - delicious!!!! If you're not starving, two ppl could spilt a small pizza (at least 12"" diameter) our party tried the meat lovers, the meatball, and the margharetta. All were absolutely delicious!!!! Unfortunately there was no room for dessert...
Tiny little place, easy atmosphere, friendly, hard working staff. You need to try it!!!!",5.0
Pizza A Metro is tha BOMB!!.... to start with this is in a bad area(block). It's hiding in a tiny strip mall with a Circle K in it. This is a bit pricey considering where it's located but not over priced for the food quality. This has a very small piece of Italy inside the doors and great customer service. I ordered the vodka penne and it was GREAT!! I love beacon... (who doesn't??) and cheese!! My guest ordered veal cav???otti... something like that... and it was also awesome. Bread kept coming and our drinks stayed full. I left thinking it was really great food and a very pleasant experience. I did see a HUGE pizza being made while I was eating and next time I really want to try one of those. (Would be awesome for a bear get together)!! I will be eating here again and look forward to that HUGE pizza. The only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of a 5 star was due to location. I have to admit though that I do love to find these out of the way places with superb  food and surprise people from out of town. To see the look on their faces..... (PRICELESS)!!!,4.0
"Most authentic Hawaiian food in town, best tasting Hawaiian food in town, and the lowest price Hawaiian food in town! Now that's a triple WIN-WIN-WIN!

I've literally eaten every menu item they have, and it has all been very good. The food they make is the closest to the food I grew up eating in Hawaii, and that's probably because the owners actually moved here from Hawaii to open this restaurant!

The portions are quite large, and the prices are lower than any other ""Hawaiian"" restaurants in town. I had to use quotes because most of those restaurants that call themselves ""Hawaiian"" are places like L&L which are more like what Taco Bell is to Mexican food.

The service is always great, and the ingredients they use always taste fresh, never old.

I'd recommend this place to everyone AND their moms! In fact, I already have multiple times!",5.0
I love Ross j's and their prices! They make awesome local Hawaii food! This definitely brings me back home to Hawaii but I recently tried out their roast pork and its absolutely not what I had expected. I was very disappointed when I opened my plate because back home in Hawaii many people know roast pork as the crispy fried pork bites with crispy skin and usually eaten with hot mustard and soy sauce. But this roast pork looked and tasted as if it was boiled and then slathered with gravy. It tasted like a TV dinner and wasn't appetizing at all. I love Ross j's and everything else that I have tried but one star off because of the horrible roast pork.  It was not a pleasant lunch.,4.0
"I've been here a few times, usually early in the morning to get breakfast before I head into work. This place shuts down at 7am so I get here early enough.

What drew my attention to this place was that they Portuguese sausage eggs and rice, very popular combo for a local Hawaiian from the islands.

The staff is friendly and the portions are more than enough! I've actually heard customers in the nearby seating area mention the same thing.

From biscuits and gravy, corned beef and hash, French toast, country style potatoes with red and green peppers, there's something here for everyone.

I stick with what I like the best from this place and that is the Portuguese sausage and eggs.

The above mentioned are from the food line, there is an overhead menu if you'd like to order a la cart.

This also another place to get some really good oxtail soup!

I mentioned this place closes for breakfast at 7am, then it re-opens and turns into a Chinese food place.

I've not had their Chinese food but I wanted to give it a mention.

I have given this place only 4 stars because I've tried the other breakfast offerings and I honestly didn't enjoy it. I believe it's because much of the food had been sitting in the heated food line and loses its flavor appeal. 

But, If you're creeping back to hotel in the wee hours of the morning on Fremont, you know you can stop by this casino and grab you some breakfast.

:)",4.0
"I've been to Bonefish six times because my boyfriend likes it. I think it's just okay. I'm not impressed with the service or the food. Yesterday I ordered an appetizer before dinner and while I was still eating the server came over to take our dinner order. I thought it would have been good manners had she waited until we were done with the appetizer instead of coming over when we have food on our forks and are actively trying to enjoy our appetizer. I felt like we were being rushed.  I ordered cocktails so i was dying for water but unfortunately I wasn't given water..  Ive tried the bacon wrapped scallops, mahi mahi, Chilean sea bass, firecracker tacos, lobster bisque, chowder, key lime pie. Nothing stood out as really good and I've ordered a different item each time to try to find something I liked but it's all just okay.",3.0
"Came to the mall for some Xmas shopping and stumbled upon this gem!!!! So good fresh ingredients and fresh dough!! The ranch is delish.  They offer wings, salads, subs and even cold beer on tap!! Luis was awesomesuper helpful . Cute indoor and outdoor seating over looking the strip.  This is totally gonna be my go to place for great pizza!",5.0
"A very large disappointment overall, close to the worst dining experience I've ever had  The dinner started with the suggestion of doing the chefs choice sampler family style since we were a group of 11 and then he proceeded to leave without taking a drink order. Can I have at least the promise of a drink while I consider my meal?

When the waiter returned 10 minutes later we made our choice of following his suggestion and finally took our drink orders. The problem with family style is that we were being served our 2nd plate of food before the drinks came. 

The first plate was a tuna sashimi and tuna tartar. An excellent first plate, I don't enjoy fish but I seem like good sashimi and this was very good sashimi. I was really looking forward to the remainder of the meal. It is kinda cool when you don't know what coming next. 

What came next my martini and their slaw in unison. I have to agree with an earlier review and say the slaw was a little too sweet which played against a little too much cilantro and did not work for me. The martini was ok but my twist left a lot to be desired, looked like t had been done with a machete.  My girlfriend had their manhattan special which was nice but not $18 a piece nice. 

3rd course was The beef carpaccio a real disappointment. The flavour wasn't there and had nothing to offer. One of the people in our party had mentioned they didn't enjoy raw food and this was the second raw course in 3 dishes. Thanks for listening, oh wait you can't hear anything in the restaurant cause it's just too loud. 

Scallops were next I didn't try the scallop but I did steal the bacon and was way overdone and too salted. My girlfriend says the scallop was quite good  After that was black cod with miso. The smell didn't work for me so I didn't try but the girlfriend says it was cooked very well.

Crab cakes were next and while good there was only 4 cakes served for 11 people. Next up was lamb and potatoes, now we're talking! I love lamb and this had no taste to it in the least. It was a shame because it was cooked perfectly. At this point there was only desert left and I was still starving. 

Desert was good but not great. The ice cream and molten chocolate cake was great, the pear tart and other stuff is average at best. 

While some food was great. I came away feeling that not enough food was served for the amount of money paid, the atmosphere sucked and the wait staff a little poncey and yelley. Felt a little scammed on the food and the drink prices.",1.0
"My new goal is to try everything on the menu. Our experience here was so good it might've just taken first place for places to eat out in Toronto. Complex flavours, unique items. If you haven't been you must go, I recommend sharing a few dishes. We had the Singapore Slaw, Pulled pork tacos, green curry and a decadent chocolate peanut butter cake. All 10/10 for me!",5.0
I went to the market for the Passover selection. They had lots of things to choose from and were so friendly and helpful. I will definitely go back.,5.0
"I've been a fan of Mon Ami Gabi since I lived in Reston.  Good food, good service, good prices.  On this visit, the bartenders were really great!  My only nitpick here is they have a separate line for the outdoor seating, which has a view of the Bellagio water show.  I asked how long, the hostess said an hour and 15 minutes.  I casually laid a folded jackson on her lectern and asked if we couldn't shorten that by any, and without batting an eyelash she repeated ""An hour and fifteen"" like I'd laid a $1 on her!  Come on, this is Vegas! :-D  I have no idea if a $50 would have done the trick or if they're just immune to lubrication there for some reason.  But that isn't the reason for the 4 stars, that just happens.  I asked the inside hostess for a table with a view, and we had to wait a few more minutes, but that's what bars are for!  I think maybe I'm unfairly comparing Mon Ami against higher-ticket restaurants instead of favorably against lower-end places.  In any case, you won't be disappointed!",4.0
"I wanted to indulge with and Eggs Benedict on our trip and chose this restaurant because of the location and reviews. It was not my favorite benedict due to the hollandaise sauce having too much lemon for my taste. 

Service was great for as busy as they were and prices were what you expect for a strip restaurant. Breakfast for two with coffee and orange juice totaled $47 before tip.",3.0
"Delicious food, nice atmosphere, and your wallet won't be crying at the end of your meal!

Started off sharing the escargot which was delicious. I was so busy enjoying the perfectly cooked, well portioned sea scallops I didn't try any one else's dish but my family seemed to enjoy what they ordered. I'll definitely eat here again on my next trip and will try to grab a patio seat so I can enjoy a view of the Bellagio water show across the street.",4.0
"I wish it was my anniversary everyday. 

My boyfriend and I visited Mon Ami Gabi to celebrate our two year anniversary. His sister-in-law used to continually rave about this place and after months of waiting, we decided that our anniversary would the perfect date. 

I don't know why but for some reason, we decided not to make reservations. Foolish, foolish idea. You most definitely should make a reservation. We waited for about 40 minutes and finally got seated in a table made for two. Seeing that my boyfriend is a 6'2"", 200lb man, let's just say that the table was just a bit on the tiny side.

We were greeted by a curly haired waitress-- she was terrific! She first started us off with some bread and butter to accompany my glass of Merlot and my boyfriend's glass of Cotes du Rhone. I know that he enjoyed his wine but it definitely didn't compare to the most smooth and soft bodied Merlot I have ever tasted. Mmmm, soooo good!

We went on to order the warm brie cheese as our appetizer. Oh this is so very, very good. I'm not a huge cheese fan but I decided to order this for my cheese-loving man. Good thing because I couldn't stop my hands from reaching for the platter! The croutons gave such a nice crunch and the slightest bit of saltiness to contrast the soft and gooey, sweet honey-covered cheese. I swear I think this is the only appetizer we'll ever order here!

For the main, my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon au poivre and I ordered the filet mignon merlot. Both of our steaks were cooked to perfection, juicy and well seasoned. However, we both agreed that t the end of the day, mine was much more flavorful due to the merlot reduction. Either way, we definitely enjoyed our steaks. We also ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms and it went well with our steak, although it had too much black pepper for our taste.

With the help of many hours of Masterchef Australia, I became familiar with different types of french desserts and was extremely excited to order profiteroles... until I saw the chocolate fudge cake with homemade caramel ice cream, that is. We ended up ordering the chocolate cake which was beyond incredible. Then, our kick ass waitress sensed much hesitation from me and brought out some profiteroles--on the house! Score! :D Needless to say, it was phenomenal. 

Obviously, my overall experience was absolutely superb, and I definitely recommend this place for people who are celebrating a wonderful occasion. Just brace yourself- you're gonna want some more real soon!",5.0
"This was one delicious restaurant in Vegas!

We sat in the restaurant while we waited to watch the Bellagio Water Show #2 across the street from it. There was also a patio to enjoy the busy streets of passer-byers but we chose to sat in the restaurant as it was a tad chilly. The atmosphere was very romantic indeed...no doubt about that.

- Steak Barnaise (a rich buttery sauce, aromatic sauce featuring shallots, tarragon and crushed black peppercorns)
- Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onions, red wine sauce); this was original compared to the Bearnaise.

Both steaks were thin but juicy and tender. The steaks also came with the signature hand-cut frites...yum. 

I'm glad I got the chance to try this place out - 5 out of 5!",5.0
"I loved the restaurant. I came in and it was gorgeous. I asked for a seat on the enclosed patio. I was reminded of a greenhouse. I was served a whole baguette with butter, which I tasted but couldn't eat all by myself.

I ordered an open-faced crab salad sandwich. The toast wasn't too great, but the crab salad was delicious. They had some sort of sauce on the side too that was great with the bread and with the little waffle potato chip side.

It was $14.95 for lunch. Not bad for providing me with a Paris ambiance. As I dined, I felt like I was in France. Never been but that's how I imagine it.",4.0
"I'm a fan. We always go here when we're in Vegas. The food is consistently good, you can sit outside, and the prices are reasonable.",5.0
Nice street side seating. Enjoyed the brunch (Eggs Benedict) and bloody mary bar. Overall a good experience and would return.,3.0
I'm from San Francisco and every time I'm in town I try and make it to The Chamber. Used to come here in the mid-90s when I was in university here and still love it. Great music and great people. The bartender Kat is really nice - pours good strong drinks.,5.0
"Our first visit to this quaint little place was in December during the Holiday shopping madness on our way home from the Galleria. 1st,the Service was great. The owner came by to welcome us- very nice! 
They gave us garlic bread sticks, they were ok - possible they were not homemade?? 
We ordered a coke $4- ouch!
Linguini Carbonara $21 
Chicken Parmesan $24 
Honestly, the food was so hot, we had to let it cool down before we could eat. I had a few bites but burned my tongue and couldn't eat any more. We took it to go. 
The chicken reheated well,  a bit too much garlic but that's OK. 
The carbonara had way too much oil/butter & i didn't really enjoy it. 
I think we will try it one more time. There were some enticing dishes listed on the menu... 
Won't be bringing the kids with these prices though.
I hope they do well, it's a nice place. 
PS- they also had a man in the corner playing some music. He never smiled.  Cheesey old school touch but really pleasant to hear.",3.0
"The staff is professional, knowledgeable and friendly. The food and wine selection is amazing! My son could have had his 21st birthday anywhere in Vegas, and he picked IL Chianti.  Thank you Chef Rudy, Rose and the rest of the staff for creating such a special memory. I highly recommend this local restaurant. I can't wait to try their lunch and brunch.",5.0
"Las Vegas is a town that is known for it's buffets, and I'm sorry to say that just about any of them would be a better choice than the Paradise Garden Dinner Buffet. 

Located in the flamingo, the buffet offers most of the standard buffet fare - Crab Legs, Sushi, Prime Rib, Orange Chicken, Fried Rice, etc. It's just that none of these selections are very good.

On 2nd thought, the Crab legs were pretty tasty - unfortunately I spent 20 minutes trying to crack open the meat since they didn't offer shell crackers. 

Someone below commented that the food selections were often mis-labeled, and in some cases not labeled at all. This was a pet peeve of mine as well. It's actually sad how many times I had to examine something more closely, only to walk away empty handed because I wasn't exactly sure what it was!

The servers were friendly, but the attitudes of the chefs seemed disgruntled, as if my request to cut a slice of meat was an inconvenience. The whole experience was underwhelming, which would have been understandable if this were a $7.95 buffet at the Palace Station. But for $20/person in a strip casino, I expect a little bit better. 

My advice, spend the extra $10 person and go to the Wynn/Bellagio/Mandalay or any of the other awesome buffets located in the vicinity.",2.0
"Compared with Duckworth's in Ballantyne, this place was a bit of a disappointment last time. While service in Ballantyne is ridiculously friendly and helpful, the waitress at this branch was fine but not very accomodating to special requests. We asked to get nachos without sour cream and with a little more salsa instead. Out came nachos WITH sour cream and an extra ketchup-container of salsa for which we were charged 1.50 dollar. 

Their draft beer list also seems to have shrunk quite a bit and is now much shorter than at the Ballantyne location. Not sure if this is temporary of not.",3.0
"We tried this restaurant for the first time last night because I had a Groupon. It wasn't too busy but service was a little slow. However we weren't in a hurry so that was okay. I can't remember our waiters name but he was very friendly. 
We ordered the tapas plate as a beginner and enjoyed all of the items. Next was a small Caesar salad and a bowl of tomato basil soup, both were good. For our entrees, we ordered the bowtie Olivia and the special which was a 22 ounce bone in ribeye with potatoes, asparagus and carrots. The pasta didn't have as much flavor as I would of liked but I added some crushed red peppers. The ribeye I did not try but he said it was fabulous, lots of great flavor!! To add to our meal, we ordered a glass of moscato and a blue moon. We left stuffed and with lots of leftovers!",4.0
"I'm one of the few who still loves the feeling of holding and reading an actual book vs an ebook, but I'm also trying minimize clutter in my house. So the library is perfect! They have a large selection of books even new releases. If you're on top of things you can put yourself on a waitlist for the newest releases in books and movies. I started getting more reaquaitned with library when I had my son. I wanted to get out of the house and do something but found that every time I left my home I spent money. I wanted to be able to leave my house and not feel pressured to spend money. So one day I stopped by the Century library. I had forgotten how many resources they have. I was able to get books for my son, a book for me, and a movie to watch with my husband later. 

I also found out they had free baby and kid programs so I started taking my son to those as well. I loved it! Ms. Tracy is typically the librarian who leads the programs at Century which include, story time, songs, games and child playtime. Ms. Tracy is excellent! She's very patient with the kids and offers lots of ideas for home play. These programs are also great ways to meet other parents. They have weekday and weekend programs.

The library also offers culture passes. These are passes you can check out to visit local museums such as The Science Center, the zoo, the art museum, and the children's museum. Each library only has a limited selection per day so get there early if you want to check one out. 

The library isn't just for those who love paper books as they offer ebooks you can check out as well. They even have Nooks you can check out. 

The Century Library may be one of my favorite places to go and kill time. I highly recommend checking it out and utilizing all the amazing resources they have.",5.0
"Went to this little place on Groupon, not one person working Sunday night could even smile. Not even the bartender. She was frowning so hard it looked like a upside down smile. Our server and the rest the staff doesn't seen to appreciate having a job. The food was decent bar food  but due to the severs and staff I will go tip and be in a place that appreciates your business.",1.0
"Love Hal's.

I don't frequent here as often as I used to since I moved, but this is one of my favorite bars near home. They have a great wine and beer list and much better food than any other sports bar around. I'm pretty sure it's the only bar you can order tofu at in the North Hills. It's delish! They also have a nice selection of sandwiches, salads and entrees. The staff has always been super friendly and the service is good. Chill atmosphere; they always have the games on and pretty good music. Touchtunes: check. Non smoking is another plus in my book.",4.0
"What a fraud this place is. I asked Alison to give me a haircut ""like the one in the picture"" i provided and i got something totally different. 
Asked her for caramel highlights and i got some brassy ugly blond highlights, asked it to look more natural than stripey, and it is all like little stripes in my hair. And she has the audacity to ask $180.00 for this. 
I would rather pay $180.00 only for a haircut, but at least i would look great and would love it.
Do not go to her.",1.0
"Dr. Bohman, Hands down is the BEST. From the moment myself and my wife met him for the very first time we where nothing but impressed, he's is absolutely caring, listens to every question and concern we had, extremely understanding. Choosing doctor Bohman was one of the best decisions we have made as new parents!!!!",5.0
"Wow, Mod Pizza, more like amazing; as the food, CS and we'll the over all place is so great and top of the line that you will be jumping back in line, after your done, to thank them for the greatness that just become your meal.

If you are, looking, well look to the Mod, as as they have this wall of pictures that really are something and makes this place just that much more great upon itself and well, I want to be Mod; if that is the saying way it is too me :D

That was my first time and well, I know it's not going to be my last as well, some great stuff is worth going back for and well, you will be checking your calendar and moving some things around as this might just be the next best thing and well, it really is some great stuff; you will, be happy and well, full too.

They have pizza, salads, beer, water from around the world that is so good for you that your body will be thanking you from starting of you walking through that door to the moment when you thank them and be on your way, as you just been Mod""ed.

Their is outside setting and well, you will always find a sit as, they are always popping and well, it's so great that magic happens here as, you need a sit and you will find one; that might just be the Mod way though.

Thanks guys for doing just and having something so super, it's just so Mod of you Mod Pizza; way to Mod and Pizza too, lol.",5.0
We go to Chilis quite often and normally it's great but I guess we caught the hostess Donnie on a bad night since asking if we could waiting for a booth pissed her off to the point she walked back up to the podium and threw the menus and walked away. If she can't handle her job put her in the kitchen!!!,1.0
The burgers were good but the wait staff was...interesting. You should try this place out and judge for yourself. It's not bad.,3.0
"As everyone knows by now, this is no longer a well kept secret in the Strip District. Gaucho certainly has a cult following and its worth the wait in line up the street! I would recommend going with a smaller group because the seating is limited and we had to wait about 15 minutes until a table opened. It's all first come, first serve seating, but the staff was more than accommodating to assist you as you waited. They opened our wine and consistently checked on tables to be aware of the status. If you're looking for a leisurely meal, this isn't the spot, but you're only coming here for the food and it is truly excellent!",5.0
This place rocks! We had chicken pad Thai and yellow curry chicken with Thai beef jerky as an appy. I love it hot n spicy and they don't disappoint. The portions are large and the flavors are right on. My nose is running as I am writing this and loving every minute of it. Can't wait to come back and try some new stuff. The Thai iced tea with lemon was off the chart awesome.,5.0
"We chose Hash house for our easter brunch since it was close to the church we were attending. It was a really disappointing experience of gigantic portions of mediocre food. 

We ordered the lamb chop hash (medium rare) off the easter menu. It wasn't a hash at all, just two very rare chops on top of potatoes. A hash is diced up meat cooked WITH potatoes, not just put on top. I like rare meat, but the chops were very rare, I should have sent them back. 
The biscuit it came with was very dense and dry. 

My mom ordered the fried chicken benedict. You couldn't even tell it was a benedict, it was just a mountain of food piled together. It didn't even look appetizing. Lastly was the cobb salad which wasn't bad, but not great either. 

I have to agree with Lauren C and other reviewers, I definitely prefer quality over quantity and unfortunately Hash House is all about quantity.",2.0
"High prices, and for foods that I could make exactly the same as home. Food is fairly good however and the restaurant is nice. Eh.",3.0
"Cool place, a bit of a throw back to a less hectic time. The food is great, have a rancher with some sweet potatoe salad.",4.0
"Mmmm...rice pudding!! Trust me...it's INCREDIBLE. No really, TRUST ME!!

So, obviously (well, obviously), we came here for dessert...and oh wow. So good. The line was a little long...and let me tell you it got even longer after we got in it. but it was worth every second of the wait. Aside from the rice pudding, we also had the bread pudding, which was really great as well. 

I am so looking forward to my next trip to Phoenix to try some of the delicious looking pizza. Definitely a cool hangout in Gilbert.",5.0
"I got booked here for a conference so this wasn't my choice. My first room had a mildewed shower and faulty AC. They moved me to a second room which had an even worse mildew problem - I just wanted a shower and to go to bed so they moved me to a third room - the shower was in better shape at least but I can't say the room was was as clean as I would expect at a hotel. This morning it was announced that one of our group had a severe allergic reaction to the bedbugs in her room. I personally haven't seen any bedbugs but am not surprised given the overall cleanliness of this establishment.  
I'm giving two stars because the staff is actually super nice and helpful. I do NOT recommend this place - so keep looking if you have a choice in hotels.",2.0
"Food
I've had the tacos, red & green chili burrito. After I had the chili burritos this is the only thing I get from this place. To my taste buds, these are the best chili burritos I've had. 
The chili is generous (always hot and smooth). The meat is good portion, not too much not too little. The tortilla is amazing. Only burrito sauce I don't let go to waste.

Interior & Exterior
It's not appealing to the eyes but you can tell they keep it clean and organized. It's just not nice interior or exterior. It's not a place you would want to eat at so just get to go. The interior is clean though, and the food is great. 

Cleanliness
Very clean. 

Price
Affordable. $5 for one burrito

Atmosphere
It's a family owned place. The atmosphere is very casual, whatever floats your boat.",5.0
Went to Penn Station for lunch and had a very positive experience! Service was excellent. Very efficient & friendly staff. Management was visible and working alongside staff. Food was hot and cooked to perfection. I will be back for lunch very soon!!,5.0
"Ordered a small latte, got charged over $4. Realized once I had already driven away that she actually gave me a black coffee - GROSS. What a frustrating waste.",2.0
"I tend to buy the same ones but when I don't, I'm never disappointed. The cupcakes are always moist and fresh and the frosting isn't too sweet. The girls at the counter are courteous and helpful.",5.0
"Great food, fast service and fairly priced. All the salads are superb. I especially like the Pei Wei Spicy chicken salad. For dieters, they also have lettuce wraps.",4.0
"This a great staffing/employment agency that has the distinction of being the second largest in the world (Adecco is the largest and Manpower is the third largest).  The staff is very professional and efficient but friendly and relaxed which helps remind candidates that  they are human beings as opposed to just another face in the crowd or another name on a database.  This office does mostly administrative/clerical placements but can do other placements as well (technical, IT, etc.)  If you have a solid skill set, a good amount of experience and can pass a background check, you should have no problem finding a suitable job through Randstad.  They take the time to listen to you and what you find desirable and necessary in your pursuit of a job.  The staff at this location is rather large (close to a dozen associates) which is somewhat rare for employment agencies (3-5 people is the norm) but keep in mind they are the second largest staffing agency in the world and have a big book of clients (the Phoenix office as well) ranging from financial institutions to government agencies and just about everything in between.  I had a placement through Randstad in Phoenix and it was a good job that matched my skills and experience very closely.  The pay was fair and in the midst of the current bad economy, just knowing I had a job, even a long term temporary one was compensation in itself.  I was also offered other positions with good rates of pay as well and for that I'm grateful.  As with any employment agency, I recommend visiting their website first just to get a feel for what their policies and procedures are as well as size, areas of specialty and company news.  Overall I would highly recommend Randstad for help finding employment whether it be temporary or permanent.  Best of luck!",5.0
"The majority of the reviews on this place are accurate.  Its overrpiced and stuffy.  
The atmosphere is nice if they didnt over crowd.  If you are a attractive male who looks like he has money they you will get alot of attention by the bottle service borderline ""escort"" like server girls.... who will basically ignore you if you are female.  
Honestly.. dont bother.. there are far better places to go with friendly staff and not as stuffy!",2.0
"The Food has not always been that good. My parents went their on valentines day or something and The food was awful, messed up on the order, waited and waited for the food, Some nights the food is good other night the food is not.  good.",1.0
Not good... not worth it!!! Rollation up on Dundas is FAR BETTER. Terrible service / planning. Placed an order at 12:31pm and it was ready at 1:06pm!! ... Several unhappy other customers are walking out - all angry -  left and right. All with incorrect or delayed orders etc. Everyone - there are SEVERAL better priced sushi places in the area with much better value. take 2 min and find one on google and AVOID this place :) boo.,1.0
My cousin and I ate breakfast here this morning. Trina is awesome! Food is always good here .,5.0
"Booked the appointment with Dr. Oriaku as a new patient; however, I was seen only by his PA. I specifically booked with Dr. Oriaku due to availability and wanting to see a physician. Never having visited his office and 45 minutes after my scheduled appointment, I was aghast that ""due to a slow day"" he opted to do office work and was no longer seeing patients (although still in the office). When the disheveled PA had talked with me, I asked if I was going to see him next she said she could ask, but when I asked for my copay back she immediately raised get voice and was hostile when I was calm. When I asked for an email address of the physician or office manager, they remarked that they could not give that out. Working in healthcare myself, we never have issues giving out contact information for anyone at any level of the organization as we care for or patients and promote transparency and all types of direct communication. I'm not interested in being a patient in an office that prefers to be deceptive and change providers, gets frustrated when you ask why, and then puts barriers in the way of direct communication.",1.0
"These guys are great! 
I sent in a request for a new water heater. 
Tom called me back within the hour, gave me a firm quote over the phone (very fair price), and said he would try to get an installer to my house that same day (this was already after 2pm so I was not really expecting same day service). 
About 30 minutes later, I got a call they would be at my house in 30 minutes.
Angel was the installer, he was very courteous, professional, and prompt. 
Very satisfied with the entire process, pricing was fair, service was great, they were quick, could not have asked for anything more. Would 100% recommend this company.
Thank you!",5.0
"So happy to have a restaurant so close by that's actually worth going to. It's also great that's local & not a chain. The food is good, but when you order it keep in mind that they use an American level of seasoning. If you don't like bland food then you'll want to up your number. 4 is still kind of bland so you may want a 5. I don't like spicy food, but I don't like bland food either. Everyone is very pleasant that works there.",3.0
Finally a place to fulfill my korean bbq and Sushi cravings in one place!  You can actually order AYCE sushi while you're eating AYCE BBQ at your grilling table! They also have soju and Korean style rice wine to make your meal even tastier! They also make authentic korean side dishes with the freshest ingredients they shop for that week. Everyone is super nice and the service is fast. Ryan the owner is amazing and can walk you through menu if you have any questions.,5.0
"I used to come to this restaurant about two years ago. I loved them! Fresh food, friendly service, excellent coffee.

I went there today and was not impressed. We waited about five minutes for a table, which we were fine with. They cleaned it quickly and we sat down. However, I noticed ants crawling on the corner of my table. They were babies, so this isn't a serious problem in the restaurant, yet. I couldn't get the attention of the waiter to get the table cleaned, so I killed then with a sugar packet and let it be. 

We ordered coffee, which came quickly. Our cups were dirty, with clear stains on the sides. We waited about ten minutes for refills, which I find is normal. 

We placed our order. The food came quickly, and was okay. I came with my sister and my friend. 

My friend chose to create his own meal, which came on separate plates. 

My sisters eggs were over cooked. 

My food was okay. It was not very presentable, but was delicious. 

All in all, it was an okay experience, but I've had better at other restaurants. If I had the choice, I would go to any of the over breakfast places on St. Clair.",2.0
"We LOVE coming here, especially during the summer when there are not a lot of options for outside activities. The staff here are phenomenal and truly care about the kids. It's not unusual to see staff running around and playing with the children too. The pricing is fair and reasonable, especially for snacks and food. This is the best place to get emails read and answered while my kiddos play!",5.0
"This place is fancy as hell! It feels like a big upgrade from the now defunct Farelli's and FilmBar since those were my previous experiences with food and film before this.
I love the arranged seating. 
I love the fact that I can see new releases of major films here. If you go at the right time (during the day) and look at seating beforehand, you can get a theater all to yourself which is really nice. Drinking and talking through a movie in a public place is fun when there are no taboos. 
The only real downside is that it's fairly expensive for what you're getting. The food isn't anything amazing, but maybe it's more expensive because we're already watching a movie which we paid more than we'd normally pay to see? Hmm. Free popcorn is hardly free if you're already paying a lot to get in. 
I'd go again, but I try to ask for gift cards here rather than pay my way, honestly.",4.0
"Wow... I've heard great stuff about this place and have been dying to give it a try. Well, I stopped by the drive-tru for my first time today and got the standard Culver's double cheeseburger meal.

I was soooo disappointed! The fires were just like grocery store frozen fries and the burger is without a doubt the greasiest one I've ever eaten by a long shot! I can't believe it is so busy with Wendy's and Carl's Jr. right across the street. Stick with Carl's Jr. for sure.",2.0
"Its Tuesday, day after a holiday and we are just slammed at work, so some coworkers and I thought ahead and picked a place or order lunch from and pick it up and bring it back to the office .

Today the vote was for Oregano's, I personally had not tried them up until now, but I always see that the place is pack! 

I looked at the menu we had floating around here at the office and I saw they have Midday Rush Menu items from 11am to 3pm Mon to Friday, and I have to say they have a nice variety to pick from. 

I went with the Bollo Pasta; it was a bowl of pasta, crazy right??  It was angel hair pasta cooked perfectly paried with a spicy marinara sauce, and it came with a slice of garlic bread.  It was a perfectly delish lunch, guess I now have Oregano's to add to my lunch time list!",4.0
"I'm typically an enemy of this type of chain but I'll give this one a pass. It's really simple to order and clean inside. Both big positives in the world of fast food.

This is how it works:

You order the meat - either steak, light or dark chicken, or a combination of the two. The meat's served on a layer of brown or white choice, again, your choice. Last two things are the veggies and sauce. I picked carrots and sweet/sour but they had a few good options for each. About 6-7 bucks and you're out the door. They have a few tables setup if you choose to dine inside.",4.0
"I used to like this place but after today I will never return.  I ordered the teriyaki chicken burger and it was straight up nasty.  I know I'm a picky eater so I try to get things that are hard to mess up.  This thing was an epic fail.  The entire bottom of the plate was wet making the fries and the bottom of the bun ruined.  It didn't matter the fries tasted strange and the bun although burnt from the grill on one side looked like it hadn't been baked long enough.  The chicken itself was dry as a bone and burnt as well.  When I think chicken burger I think a piece of breast meat, but I don't know what this was.  It was more like a clump of chicken sawed in half with a huge chunk of gristle down the middle of it.  Just yuck.  I think the worst part though was the cashier, when she asked how it was I told her, ""Well the service was good.""  She kind of just shrugged and said nothing like she knows the food sucks.  So I ended up paying almost twenty bucks for this plate of shit and I had to stop and grab something quick to eat because this meal ended up in the garbage were it belonged.",1.0
"Great place! I just moved to Henderson and I've tried a couple of places around before this place and so glad I found it! Good prices, clean snd friendly!",5.0
"Went here with my family tonight the staff was very welcoming of us. The young lady server was such a sweetheart. The owner also struck up a conversation with us, very cordial. The place was very clean and cozy. Beers were a very good price! The food was also very very good had the steak tacos. I can't wait to come back to this restaurant!",5.0
My friend and I went in at about 8 to grab dinner and drinks.. The ambience is really unique and fun and the menu options are great! We shared Mac n Cheese bites and had sangrias.. Food was out quick and the service was friendly. Patio is dog friendly so it's a perfect place for a chill night with friends and fam,5.0
"Nice museum!  Noticed this place on my way to lunch.  They have quite a collection of fire fighting equipment, engines, patches.  The history behind how this museum, started was a single fire engine.  It was given as a gift and from there it grew.  I'm not a fire fighter aficionado, but it was great seeing the equipment from different countries, technology, and the coolest fire fighter patch collection.   Admission is $6 for adults, if you have AAA membership it's $5.",4.0
"Love there cinnamon rolls . Oh they have cookies to die for. This place is a 10/10 .
The staff was great Just a perfect place.",5.0
"My Wife and I checked this place out Sunday!  ""Not Just Coffee"" the Coffee Shop was the ONLY Part Open for Business!  Not Just Coffee is the BEST part of this ""market"".  This Place has potential, to be a lookalota, though I think that is all!  This place is still a Disappointment, Not what we were expecting!  ""Not Just Coffee"", the Pizza Place (Pure Pizza) and the Bakery (Cloud Nine) are the only places we would be returning to see, maybe... ""Old World Olive Oil"" does have a small kioskiosk... Meat Market in the back has the HUGEst LIVE Lobsters I have seen in person (I'm the person, Lobsters are not people [PETA may disagree])...   

The Outside (Rail Patio) is much more exciting than inside!  Much more exciting to watch the people on a beautiful weather day (100% this time)!

I'm NOT going to review the 10 Story Parking Garage (you can, others have) even though it is 5 stars GREAT... Maybe I should review it since they suck so much less (now with all the security cameras)... The Roof Top has incredible views and it is still Legal, be careful what you do up there, the cameras are W I D E Angle!  Plastic spikes to prevent suicide attempts??? They are so small how does that work?  The Parking Garage is so cool I think I will review it!",3.0
Very friendly staff and great prices. Do yourself a favor and get the Prickly Pear Margarita. The chips with the salsa were a mix of flour and corn which I really liked.,4.0
"I just moved to Pittsburgh a couple of weeks ago from Philadelphia and I knew I had some alignment/steering issues I needed fixed. I had gotten a quote for about $1300 at local Firestone in Philly to get it fixed, but decided to wait until I got to Pittsburgh. After the guys at Calfo's inspected my car, they said a lot of the quote from Firestone was BS. They got me in the next day and cleared up my steering/alignment issues for $1000 less than Firestone quoted me. I have had no issues since.

I always feel like I'm being taken advantage of when I get my car worked on, but not at all at Calfo's. Real nice guys who explained everything that they were doing. They did great work for a great price in just a day. I will 100% go back to Calfo's if I have problems in the future instead of the large chain shops.",5.0
"My favorite place in southside.  Amazing food. Over the top friendly staff, especially kate the bartender. Never have a wait for drinks. Specials offered daily. Trivia night/$5 burger night on mondays are awesome.",5.0
I have highstandards and expectations for Italian restaurants. I was surprised with this place food was great service was excellent.  Just don't over cook the pasta please.,4.0
Very very disappointed with this cleaning services.  I will not bore youwith many details other than to say they should not call themselves a cleaning company....very poor job on cleaning....did not completely wash kitchen floor and could see the dirt VERY obvious.  did not clean stove top or front of refigerator or the granite counter tops.  This is not the first time this has happened with them.  SAVE your money and NEVER use them!,1.0
"The Vandal, one of the many restaurants that opened up in Pittsburgh this summer. I am happy that Pittsburgh's food scene is growing quickly. Each restaurant seems to have their own unique place, increasing the diversity of food choices. The Vandal provides interesting hamburgers and sandwiches. Overall, I thought the food was pretty good, but I wasn't completely blown away.

The service was fantastic. Everyone was sweet and helpful. I also enjoyed the atmosphere of the place.

We got the pork sandwich, chicken sandwich, fries, and hibiscus lemonade.

The pork sandwich was okay. The bread was a little chewy, but the flavors were great. The chicken was good. I liked the sweetness of the slaw, which complimented with the spiced chicken. The chicken itself was flavorful and crispy, although some parts of it were a little dry. Overall, the chicken sandwich was definitely the better of the two and the flavors were fantastic, I can see myself coming back for just that.

My only big issue with the place was the hibiscus lemonade. The ice in the drink had that weird savory flavor you get when you have ice in the freezer for too long. As the ice started to melt, it completely ruined our drink.

For the price, I thought it was pretty reasonable for the sandwiches. However, the side salads are pretty small for $5. While not the best chicken sandwich in Pittsburgh, it is a unique one and I see myself coming back sometimes.",4.0
"OK I love this place!!!

When I get a chance to go.  Everyone is so freaking friendly, you really will make friends here, and so ubber supportive. If you don't laugh at yourself and someone else at least 5 times in an hour boot camp class there's definitely something wrong with you.  

It's conveniently located on the corner of Eastern and Windmill so getting there is not hard. Classes are small and intimate, so you definitely get individual attention.  He also does personal training on an individual basis if that interests you. He also has classes in the morning, the evening and on the weekends.  He let's you work at your own pace to, so it's not like he's a military sergeant screaming at you to do whatever he says.

And the classes are HARD, ubber challenging, and really DO help to change your body! But they are fun!  Yeah you do some of the staple things every class but that's like 10 mins of warm up stuff. From there it changes every class almost, which keeps ADD children like myself occupied.

Tony's great and he's not hard on the eyes ladies.  You can pay either on a monthly basis or on a per class basis [I think he sells them in bundles of 10]. If you have certain injuries he'll work w/ you to do other exercises that will either help strengthen your issue or not aggravate it further.  

He uses a combination of your own body weight, tires, bikes, ropes, medicine balls, and running around the building whatever it takes.

Highly recommend at least giving it a try!!!",5.0
"I love the cheese cake factory for there cakes. The reason they are getting three stars is they are very over priced there menu is massive and there food is ok. But the price makes you flinch for what you get. Yes they are large portions, but I would rather have good flavored food and smaller portions for the price you pay.",3.0
"I was first recommended to RYD through some of my clients, and now I recommend Dr. Joe to everyone!  The whole clinic is a breath of fresh air. I love the staff, the ambiance, and goody bags full of stuff! Keep up the good work.",5.0
Brought my friend to check out the new taco shop.  I ordered the chili relleno plate which was outstanding.   Refried beans and Spanish rice were nice to see as opposed to whole beans and white rice.  I was told the chili relleno's would be coming off the menu which is disappointing.  They say it takes too much time to make in a fast food environment.. whatever.  I guess I will try something else next time.  My friend ordered the chicken fajita tostada which appeared to be quite a value at $3.25 or whatever.  One tostada filled her up.  We ate our meal on the patio at Thai Elephant so we could order from their bar.  It was a nice environment and the food tasted very good.,5.0
"Writing this review without even trying the food. I called to find out if they delivered. The answer I got was ""3 mile radius "". I said thanks I'll call back with my order. The guy just hung up. I called back 5 times within a 20 min period. No answer. It was 730. By the tone of the person answering the phone it seemed like they didn't want to deliver. I posted a picture of my times called in the photo section.",1.0
"There are multiple ways to look at this location.

- The store is huge.  I seem to recall them actually enlarging it a few years ago, and frankly, they probably could do with half the space.  The one down the street (at Sharon Amity) is maybe a third of the size and they do fine.  This one has a ton of unused space.  If they do not own it, they are throwing away money.  Or they are charging more to make up for it.

- Because of the extra space, you may pay extra.  For that, we do not always shop here for supplies.  You can find good deals around back to school time, but there are usually quantity limits.  So if you need some bulk paper, you might be better off at Wal-Mart.  Specialty items however?  I prefer Office Depot to Office Max, and there is no Staples that is as convenient to this side of town.

- The staff comes and goes.  Literally.  Over the months and years I have shopped here, very few stay the same.  Understandable.  Even if you see the same person, they will likely be very different from one visit to the next.

- On the good side, the rewards program is cool, and you get points back for shopping that you can use on a future visit.  That is always nice.  They also give points to schools for your purchases, which does not help directly, but is a good thing.",3.0
"Fun place, happening environment, decent food. We ordered buffalo tacos and fries for appetizer, fries were soggy but tacos were good. I tried chicken vindaloo which was not as flavorful as I expected and my beau tried steak, it was nice environment which compensated for food.",4.0
"There team were able to find me a great job incredibly fast.  The part that I appreciated more than that was their dedication to their people.  I had several snags along the way that slowed down my testing and one of the top directors (cant put his name for confidentially reasons) stepped in an personally guided me through the process and made the snags and other issues go away, and quickly.  Best Ever.  Will use again for sure.",5.0
Always one of our stops   Service is meh but the sushi is good. Go before 6 and you have no waiting,5.0
"We visited east end yesterday. We sat at the bar and were immediately handed menus but then the bartender walked away and waited for the next bartender to ask us what we wanted to drink. We split the east end burger, it was incredible. The bacon jam was amazing. The service- horrible. Bartenders look miserable. My boyfriend was uncomfortable because they just walked around like zombies and made no small talk with us. They were on their phones the entire time, when we were finished we watched our empty drinks and plate sit in front of us without asking if we wanted another beer or beverage, until we asked to just cash out. This restaurant could be an amazing one with a great view of the water  but it will not make it if they continue to have ""zombie"" bartenders/servers.",2.0
I just recently checked this place out and I fell in love with their applewood bacon and the chorizo scrambled eggs! The service was fabulous!!! My new favorite breakfast place! ;),5.0
"A flight of bacon???? Whoever came up with that is a genius! I LOVE this place! I swear whoever came up with this chain had a bacon loving person like me in mind. I had the regular bacon along with the hickory smoked flavor bacon. Both were great. My boyfriend tried the jalepeno bacon as well. We were definitely happy with our selections and are looking forward to going back. It was busy, as most great places are. Expect a little wait, but I guarantee it is worth it!",4.0
"Got the Junior suite. Was more like a corner King. The decor was Dark and needed to be updated. there wasn't one switch to turn on the lights. you had to turn on/off each one, one by one.

The bathroom was a joke! too small and the bathtub was like 1 foot deep. If I stay in a hotel, I'd like to be able to soak in the bathtub, not just cover my ankles.

The room service options were nice BUT they are the EXACT same as their restaurant Mizzen. So for those of you grounded here. You end up eating the same thing from room service as you do for your meal at Mizzen!

Was going to go to Toula restaurant. But had friends that went their before us and said they had the same sauce for their 3 pastas. and checked the yelp reviews which were BAD.

The bed was nice. but the walls a bit thin. I could hear the alarm going off in the next room as a quiet annoying beep. 

Parking was crazy expensive as a guest $40/night and for my friends that visited me!

and for business, you paid for internet for the room, and then your conference had to pay for internet in the conference rooms like $1000 per conference room, otherwise you cannot get internet in the conference rooms!!",2.0
"My husband was referred to Healthy At Home by his GP in November of 2014 because of problems with snoring, and to do a sleep study for Apnea. It was nice that they were able to do the sleep study at home. It turned out that he did have apnea and needed a cpap machine. OK, so he went back to Healthy at Home to get one. It seemed logical.

They set him up with a cpap, and various supplies which would last 1 - 3 months. He understood them to say that it would cost about $850, the supplies were $150, and they would bill him over a 13 month period if we went through AccessOne Medical care.

So, December and January passed, and still no bill from AccessOne. We kept calling Healthy at Home, and they told us that ""sometimes they seem to take a long time."" In February we finally get a bill with no details of charges from AccessOne in the amount of $1220. I figure that Hubby has just misunderstood. I make double the scheduled payment, and realize that Hubby needs supplies, so I call Healthy at Home and ask for a mask - no face pad, no elastic band, no filter, no hose, just a mask. They want $93 plus shipping and handling and insurance won't cover durable goods. WTF? I get online and order ALL of those parts plus cleaning supplies with free shipping from Amazon for $78. That's where I order from.

March comes along and I've made a payment and the bill is up to $1,380. We call Healthy at home and they say, ""Oh, AccessOne didn't take your insurance discount into consideration."" Meanwhile, AccessOne is charging us 10% interest on the balance. And then they proceed to do NOTHING about it.

April comes and we owe the $1,495. WHY? Well, we didn't pay $850 for the CPAP and $150 for the supplies, we spent $905 for $78 worth of supplies, and are paying an additional $155 a month to rent the CPAP machine. Except our insuance says that they should only charge us $105 to rent the machine. And Healthy at Home hasn't bothered to call AccessOne to straighten it out because they've closed our account, which is what they do when you choose to not pay them in full all at once - THEY DON'T HAVE A BILLING OFFICE! So, supposedly some supervisor is now going to go back 9 months and have the overcharge of $50 reversed with AccessOne, but god knows I don't expect that they'll recalculate the interest they charged us.

These people are vultures. $758 for $78 worth of supplies designed to last a month? PLUS $155 a month which should be $105 a month for 13 months ($2,015) for a machine that even they admit that they should only have charged us $1,365 for? Not to mention I could buy the Machine from the supplier or another supplier at Amazon for $400? These people jacked up our price $1,800 and have drug it out so long that we can't get out of it. They're crooks. Stay away from them.",1.0
"heard a lot about this mexican restaurant so decided to check it out, service was extremely slowwwwww I waited almost 45 minutes for 2 tostadas and a taco salad, need a system to separate pick up from dine in, the food was okay nothing out of the extraordinary.  I will go back to try the breakfast burritos and see if it is better. location hard to find but it is great historic area if you want to see the real phoenix.",3.0
Great service! We were only here for a night because of last minute issues and Rob took really good care of us. We had to come in at 4am and he complied with the best services. Definitely coming back anytime I visit Phoenix!,5.0
"We had a Groupon for this place. Included in our meal was all you can eat salad bar, seafood and meats. Also one hour of unlimited bloody mary, sangaria, mimosa or draft beer and a dessert to share. Soon after being seated our drink order was taken, we were invited to the salad bar and our sea food platter was served. 

The salad bar was not huge but plenty to choose from mostly cold salad items not a lot of lettuce as you would expect from a salad bar. Some of the items were mushrooms, kale (both hot), zucchini, green beans, rice, bread, soup, fruit, cheese, curry chicken and greek couscous. I only made one trip to the salad bar to save room for the other offerings. The seafood platter was just ok. The fish was a bit dry. The shrimp was good. 

Soon, the meats started to come along. Pork loin, bacon wrapped chicken, chicken, tri tip, pork sausage, and sirloin. A nice surprise was the grilled pineapple. My favorites were the bacon wrapped chicken, pork loin and sirloin. 

The food was pretty good. We were happy with the customers service here. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Our server was on top of it. This restaurant is located inside of Miracle Mile shopping center.",4.0
We've been here about 10 times so far and the food is always good. The service is hit or miss and the host staff has always been of the worse I've seen. Today though we had Amber (spelled Ambur on the receipt) and she was one of the best servers we've had here!,5.0
"I thought this place was awesome! Service was amazing and the food was great. We heard about this place from a few friends and then people at our hotel recommended it. I was surprised by the prices but we had a coupon and decided to purchase the open bar. Well worth it! The stunning girls that came around with the drink trolley made a traditional Brazilian drink right at our table for us. The servers who brought around the different meats were polite and while it was sometimes hard to understand what was said were polite and courteous. Some of the meats of course were better than others unfortunately by the time you realized this they were gone and you had to wait until the next pass with it but none failed please. The salad bar had a good selection of items however I do agree not much of a ""salad"" bar. I would encourage anyone to come here and bring their appetite.",4.0
"While walking around the strip for a place to grab some breakfast, we found this place and couldn't resist steak and eggs for a mere $6.

We all ordered the same thing, except I got myself a good ol' Mimosa, and when the Steak & Eggs arrived I was happy. It wasn't crazy plentiful, but it hit the spot very well. There were a good amount of cubed potatoes, eggs, and steak with a wedge of orange and a banana bread-like dessert to finish up.

An all-around delicious, well-balanced breakfast. Can't complain!

Recommendation(s): Steak & Egg Breakfast for Breakfast",4.0
"Honestly, love the cookies and ice cream but the delivery is quite possibly the worst service I've ever had. It takes so long to get the cookies and in the long run it's just not worth it.",1.0
Have been here a couple times with my husband since it opened a few months ago. Have done carry out as well as dine in. Pizza is pretty good and the garlic knots and garlic onion wings were great. Nice atmosphere and a great addition to SE Chandler. Nice deals during the late evening happy hour as well.,4.0
"You would Think that a Business with the name of Haute Doggery would have an Incredible delicious bun --- Will this one DOES NOT !   We ordered the Turkey, Avocado Hot Dog -- and the Turkey dog was Tasteless (cheap quality)  and the bun was White Pastie Flour (cheap quality) tasting, and Stale and Hard !!!  So Disappointed !   The Only thing good about this Dog was the little bit of Avocado they put on it !    

I will take the $1.50  Delicious Costco Hot Dog Over this Over Priced Hot Dog ANY DAY !

Disappointed Customer !",1.0
The turkey club is delicious. The waffle fries are tasty but greasy. Expensive for a sandwich but huge portion.,4.0
"Love the fact that you can do your meat groceries for the week and then end your shopping by having a fresh porchetta sandwich. Very simple menu - sandwiches , salad and drinks that's it that's all! 

If your looking for a quick meal fix and are on lunch in the Vaughan area this is great. Place gets rammed from 12 to 2. 

Go check it out!",5.0
"did not blow me away at all... it was very meh... the fusion thing is a little weird for me.  

chow mein in a burrito was weird, especially when the chow mein wasn't even good on its own.  in my opinion it did not add any value to the burrito.  Rice is definitely the better option.  The quac is definitely missing the lime factor.. there is no kick in any of the food.  I would have preferred more lime.

I dont know how long this place will last, especially since this location seems cursed.. whatever opens in this location usually closes down.  although it does seem to be the perfect location in the middle of a intersection with 4 TTC transfer stops.. 

The front staff also said ""feel free to tip us."" while handing back my change.. 

TIP: thats not cool.. that kind of pressure makes me have a bad feeling about this place.",2.0
"I have been to many chiropractors in the past, but Dr. Brian Grow provided by far the most thorough experience I've had at a Joint thus far. I'm so glad I can drop by almost any time to see him and have my body back in working order...before I destroy it again and the cycle continues! I guess the only perk to being physical everyday is that I get to see Dr. Brian to fix me up. It's the best relief! Thank you to the staff at The Joint on Tatum!",5.0
"This store is awful. They're meant to do the thing where they turn the blizzard upside down, but I'd they did it here the ice cream would pour all over the counter. 
Sloshy mush.",1.0
"Pros:
- By far one of my favorite interior designs. Love the lighting and green plant decor. Great Ambience! 
- Green tea ice cream was very yummy

Cons:
- Watermelon blended drink was ok.. decent but not as good as Lollicup's watermelon smoothie at Town Square Mall
-green tea Hong Kong waffle (egglette) was over cooked. It was overly crunchy and hard. My daughter didn't seem to enjoy separating the semi burnt looking egglettes.
- I'd have to say the #1 thing that disappointed me was the customer service. A very beautiful store with presentable drinks and desserts however the customer service did not do well to reflect that. When I ordered my food at the register, the young lady did not smile and was not very suggestive. Her energy was more robotic. After ordering I went and took a seat at the table for 2. A few short minutes went by and than The young lady places my daughters green tea egglette and ice cream in a Togo plastic container and white plastic bag.. I'm sorry but this upset me. They never asked if I wanted the dessert for sit down or to go. I wanted to enjoy a nice sit down with my daughter and treat her to some yummies but I guess this is how they treat first timers in their store. 

Minus 1 star for just Ok drinks and dessert
Minus 2 more star for not cracking a genuine smile and than serving us desserts in Plastic Togo containers",2.0
"My aunt & uncle have been going here for years. They took me out for my birthday, awesome food & service. The Pollo Salute melts in your mouth. Props to the chef.  will be back definitely.",5.0
"Massage heaven.  This place is awesome. They are super friendly & not to mention you get an AMAZING massage for 30 bucks. (Now they offer stamp cards with a free $30 massage after 10 stamps!)

 This isn't just a foot massage- they start by soaking your feet in hot water & literally rub you from your temples to your toes. You are fully dressed so wear something comfy- I usually wear leggings and a tank top. 

I make an appointment but it is nice to have the option of just walking in. Andy, Susan & David are all equally amazing. I would request one of the three. Enjoy :)",5.0
"Not enough big tables, even if you just have a party of 3. Tables are too heavy to drag and it's a little awkward.",3.0
"Was looking around the neighbourhood for a  place to get a good burger, and was not disappointed. They have burgers that nobody else has in the city. Not just what the can go on the burger but the patties go from lentils, salt cod, beef, duck, kangaroo and camel. Where else can you get that many options?
This place does not have some value meal deal for $5. Time, thought, and ingredients have gone into each burger. Guess what you might have to pay for that. Burger fries and a beer, yes they are licensed, will be about $20+tax. 
They have house made condiments that come out with every burger. Sundries tomato, blackberry chutney, and a salsa verde. We found the salsa verde was the best of them. 
Will be back to try all the interesting burgers.",4.0
"Ordered a pizza at 6:53 exactly, got the order at 8:40, pizza was cold, the driver called me twice apologizing about the wait. What really got me was they charged me 5.50 delivery charge, seriously? I don't think I'll use you again.",1.0
Great breakfast burritos..... Fast service. ....All you want in a Mexican fast food place...,5.0
Expect HORRIBLE service and an hour wait for your food! Have gone a couple times hoping to get a better treatment and its just worse each time! The food is okey. I would rather go to any other sushi place where they appreciate their costumers!,1.0
"We drove through to use the ATM. It was a standard ATM experience - I inserted my card, pushed a through buttons, and drove away with $60 in my pocket. 

Good job?",3.0
"This studio is one of the best, I don't even know where to start. 
Take one look at the array of yoga classes this studio offers, and you know you're in for a yoga experience quite unlike any others, with classes like Hot Detox Flow(typical), to Mandala Flow and Ashtanga Current, which is a more advanced class. 

The skill level is marked with tree-like symbols, 1 being slower paced and 3 being challenging and intense. I'd like to think I'm a beginner to intermediate level yogi, and I took a 2.5 level Hot Detox Flow class which detoxed the hell out of my body...and for the next two days. 

I also loved that the instructor teaching my class had actually been to India and learned yoga there. I'm tired of faux-yogis who've basically paid for their teaching certificate from a  non-licensed Toronto school, and it's usually plainly obvious when they incorrectly explain and over simplify Sanskrit terms. If you can't do it properly, don't even bother (I'm looking at you, Moksha Scarborough). At the end of the Detox class, the instructor pulled out a portable harmonium, sang and played a hymn that was both, relaxing and uplifting. 

The studio offers the free usage of their mats, as well as tea and fruits. They also sell an array of tops by James Perse, some other lifestyle clothing and jewelry. 

Change-rooms, lockers and showers are located in the basement, though they are still immaculate, and the room is pretty cute. 

I think this has got to be the best all-round yoga studio in Toronto.",5.0
"Tried the chicken shawarma. It was decent. Don't think the young man at the counter asked me what sauce I wanted so no sauce at all. Would have been better with cucumber sauce so a little bummed. Very clean dining area. Phone was ringing pretty often with orders around 2:30pm so that's promising for them. Give it a try. I also know they deliver (including breakfast!!!) within 5 miles of Edgewood Towne Centre. 

Update: the owner contacted me directly to let me know he was going to use the feedback to train staff which is great. Also offered another shawarma on him. Very good service on his part. If I'm ever in the area, might take him up on that offer.",3.0
"CHECK YOUR BILL CAREFULLY!
I have been to THK twice and love their beers and some of their food.
My wife and I were there with another couple on July 18th.  We were  seated by an experienced waiter who took our order. He then told us that a new waitress would be taking over. We repeated our order and asked them, up front, to give the two couples separate checks. They said that was not a problem. The other couple suggested that perhaps it would help to keep the orders separate from the start. The waitress said that was not necessary. Now we are not used to going over our bills in detail, but the bill presented to the other couple was so high we were puzzled. Guess what? They billed $100 for less than $50 worth of food/drink. And it took two attempts to get it fixed. 
Worse, I went and mentioned the problem to the manager.  I did not ask for any concession or ""freebies"", but did suggest that he go and speak to the couple who had been overcharged.  I  then observed the manager during the rest of our time at THK. He was either talking/joking with staff or expediting food orders. THK was about 30% full so it was not that he was in a rush.  He  did whiz by our table once to drop off a food item, but said not a word to anyone. 
I might give THK one more try...but I will sit at the bar.",2.0
"Hertz Las Vegas provided me with my worst car rental experience to date. Period.

First, I signed-up for the Gold Club membership before I left (booking and signing-up online), and I was told that I needed to visit the counter for the first rental.  This made sense; no problem.

As we landed in Las Vegas, I received a text notifying me that a Kia minivan would be waiting for me in a particular slip, and I had the option to change it.  Since I had requested a Dodge Grand Caravan, I denied the Kia.  The next car sent to me was in fact the Dodge, and it told me which slip to go to.

When we arrive at the terminal, at about 9:00 PM, I found the Hertz counter and was the third person in line.  There were only two people working the desk (surprising to me in a city the size of Las Vegas), but I figured it should move quickly enough.  Remember, the website said I had to go to the counter for the first time using my new Gold Club membership.

Issue 1:  It took 20 minutes to get to the counter because of the two people in line ahead of me.  That's ridiculous.

When I got to the counter, the woman looked at me like I was stupid and said, ""You're Gold Club, you could have just gotten your car.""  I said, ""No, the website said I needed to appear here at the desk the first time before using it.""  She replied, ""Uh, no?""

Issue 2:  The desk personnel were rude.

I thanked her and went out to find my Dodge Grand Caravan in slip number five, except slip number five held a Chevy Traverse--not even the same type of car.  So, I pulled the wife and four little girls together and we walked back to the office and got in line again.

Issue 3:  The wrong car was in the wrong slip.

When I got up to the counter, I explained what happened, and the desk clerk said, ""Oh, cars get put in the wrong space all the time.""  (Really? First, that's dumb, second, that's unprofessional, and third, you should apologize, not tell me that your poor business practices are common practice.)  I also asked about the car seats.  She rolled her eyes and said, oh, yeah, they're in the back.

Issue 4:  I had booked them in advance, so why were they not given to me when she first checked me in?

She asked me if I noticed what car was next to the Traverse, and I said it was a Dodge Grand Caravan.  She tapped away on the keyboard for about five minutes and said, ""Oh, here. Ok, you can take that one.""

I walk the family back to the Grand Caravan, carrying the two car seats and our luggage.  I load-up the luggage, and the wife and I spend a bit getting the car seats installed for the littlest girls.  When the family was finally settled (we're now about 40 minutes after arrival at this point), I reached for the key and found none.  Instead, I saw an electronic panel over the key that said, ""Swipe Card to Continue.""  Card?  What card?  My credit card?  I looked for a swiper and couldn't find one.  My wife looked too, and nothing.

I get out of the car and go back to the rental office, and stand in line again.

Issue 5:  If you see a customer is having this much trouble going in and out of your office because of your own service issues, you should address the problem and bring me out of line.

When I got to the desk, I described what I saw with the swipe panel, and she looked dumbfounded.  Another desk person looked at me and didn't know what I was talking about either.  A third desk person, in the back, came out and asked me to repeat what I'd said.  He said, ""Oh, that's a Hertz To Go car"" (or something like that, I forget the exact name of the service).  You can't have that one.  We can't rent that one to you.

Issue 6:  Know your products.  Please.

She then tapped away for an eternity again, and she said, ""Okay, I found you another minivan. Let me go see if it's even in the slot before I give it to you.""  She disappeared for about ten minutes, and then came back into the office.  She said, ""I found you a Kia, and I brought it up to the other one so your wife can move the luggage and the kids.""

Issue 7:  I didn't want the Kia in the first place, remember?  Whatever.  Also, no offer to help assist with the moving of the luggage or the car seats?  Really?

I said, ""We've been here now more than an hour. My family is exhausted. Because this has been screwed-up from the second I arrived now three times, is there anything you can do for me on this to make it right?  Can you throw-in the car seats?""

She replied with, ""No, we don't do anything like that. I can give you a voucher for 10% off your future rental with us though."" I assured her that it wouldn't be a problem, as I wouldn't ever be renting from Hertz again.  She shrugged her shoulders and said, ""Next in line?""

I'm running out of room to finish, but we also experienced a return agent who had NO idea how to use his scanner and took 10 minutes to check us in, and they also managed to mysteriously add a ""Ski Rack"" fee of $98.00 to the bill--on a minivan--in Las Vegas--in Summer. (There was no rack.)",1.0
"This place is heaven. They really nail every aspect of a good pastry shop... atmosphere, service, coffee, and food are all spectacular.

I interacted with several of the staff, since I went back and ordered a few different things and they ranged from very nice and professional to outstandingly nice and professional.

Also, the presentation is perfection. They really sweat the details here, and most importantly, the food is sublime. Really gives you a good feeling to be in a place that takes care of you so well.",5.0
"I called Premier Lighting, spoke with Tanya, and she told me that she would order a ""sample"" of a chandelier that I liked but was not in stock.  A few days later she called and said that the sample was in and that I could come in anytime to check it out.  My family and I drove across town to get there only to find out that they never even ordered the sample.  Tanya kept saying ""the rep"" said to show you the satin nickel finishes (I know what that is since it's specifically the finish I was looking for)... and then she'd show me a picture of the SAMPLE in their order catalog.  Then when I asked where the sample was, she kept showing me the satin nickels finishes and some other chandeliers that weren't even close to what they promised they would order.  Seriously, quit wasting my time and my family's time and just admit that you didn't have it.  We won't be shopping there EVER just because of this incident and we will also happily discourage others from shopping there too.",1.0
"When I want a fresh and juicy burger WHATABURGER is the place I go to !

I love the Bacon & Cheese Whataburger.  

Combo meal is only $6.88 after taxes and that includes your fries and drink.  This restaurant is always clean.  Employees friendly and nice and the best part ?  

Both the drive thru and dining room is open 24 hours !

Whataburger is old school I remember ordering their food at America West Arena ( Now U.S. Airways Center ) when I went to Suns games back in the early 90's.",5.0
"Blackhawk Hardware if a treasure. I have been going there for years and surprised that I have never written a review.  The service is extroadinary! There are employees in almost every aisle willing to help and they know exactly what you are looking for and always willing to give other options.  And, I love the fact you can find unique things that you cannot find at your typical hardware store. And, they also have a lot of nick-nacks...love some of the kitcen items, fun napkins and glasses.  An absolute treasure!
And, don't forget to grab a bag of free popcorn on your way in, or out!",4.0
"For a local bar, this place is a top pick! It's cool and casual inside.  They offer a pretty decent menu for very fair prices.  For example, their sliders come in a set of 3 with a huge cone of tasty fries for $10.  

Drinks are priced low too!

Service is friendly. 

Bad news, they took the cider of the tap! NOOOO! BOO! I admit, I'll still be back.  

Great spot for a no muss, no fuss night out.",4.0
"Great place, all staff has skills wort bragging about. I recommend this shop to everyone. I have been coming here exclusively for the past year, Everytime i walk out very satisfied. Every barber has extraordinary attention for detail, they listen to what your needs are and deliver on the final product. If you want to look your best, have no doubts about giving Geo's a try.
I love this place, making people look great and feel great must run in this family's blood.",5.0
"Efficient, friendly, quick, awesome work.  Will go back if I need any repairs on my glasses.",5.0
"Givin' it up to the Beef & Bottle.  Went with buddies and had Filet, Prime Rib & Shrimp special, and Snapper (cajun-style).  The food was absolutely amazing and the service was amazing.  I love their service staff and the vibe of the place.  Blue cheese was pretty friggin' awesome for the salad.",5.0
"After reading the good and not so good reviews of this restaurant, my husband and I decided to give it a try  We went on a Friday night without reservations. To start off with when we entered your eyes really have to adjust to the very dark dinning room.  There was a couple in front of us with reservations and when we heard the host telling them in not such a friendly manner that they were early we knew this wasn't going to be good...lol.  We were told that the  only seating available was in the bar.  The waitress promptly escorted us to this area that was an enclosed cement floor like patio area.  The table we were offered was this tiny high top that would almost fit two people not very comfortably.  We looked at the rest of the room and there were a BUNCH of table clothed tables empty.  We asked if we could sit at one of those and she just said ""No.""  We weren't even offered a wait time in which we could have been sat in the dinning room or bar/patio tables. The main dinning room wasn't even full.  My husband and I decided to leave and the hostess showed us a back door out.  Not even a little apologetic.  So we ended up dinning at a wonderful restaurant downtown.  So my rating is not on the food but on how they treat their diners.  We won't even give them a second chance.  Not all the reviews have  been great for their food and the prices are pretty steep for a place that looks horrible on the outside and cold on the inside.  O, there is a $5 coupon on their website.  That will cover cheese and bacon on two baked potatoes.",1.0
All they sell there is cheap china crap for a huge price!!   Quality is terrible. Always out of stock if u need something .,1.0
"This place is pretty awesome. Lots of flavor and options throughout their dishes. We normally order take out and enjoy it at home. Really relaxed atmosphere inside if you prefer to eat out too. We typically grab pasta and the doughnuts with extra ranch. Great place, just a little heavy handed on grease sometimes.",4.0
"I like the food. But Viva Mercados gets 4 stars because they have a vegetarian menu. They also tell you in the menu how they make their soup, rice and their beans. No guess work, no awkward questions, just answers. Now on to the food. I think I've eaten at more Mexican places since coming to Vegas than I did the 26 years I lived somewhere else. There are only a few that I would even consider recommending to someone who likes good Mexican food. This is one of them. In the 4 months we lived in the area, I've been at least 5 times. I am always impressed. The service is great, very prompt and friendly. The food always tastes fresh, and the chips and salsa are pretty much irresistible. I've ordered off the of the veg menu all but one time, and have been very pleased. My favorite is the peasant tacos. They are really a taste explosion.  From what my friends and family have said, the meat dishes are also quite good and very fresh. I've also had their sopapilla's which are quite tasty, but because the food portion sizes are so big, you really have to plan ahead for desert.
Definitely some of the best Mexican I've had in Vegas. It may be a bit pricier than other places, but totally worth it.",4.0
"Wait, hold up 4 stars? I must have missed something. By the looks of the reviews perhaps I should've bought a Margarita. Cause while portions were more than enough to feed an army and service accommodating to our group I thought the food wasn't all that spectacular. I suppose it serves it's purpose as gringofied Mexican food. Made me miss my lengua and sesos though.",3.0
"Horrible experience I have never had worse service from any other form of buissness. They said they could could fix up my computer and remove any viruses for about $200 which was okay but when I go to pick it up the bill spiked to $500 which I told them was unreasonable but that what their price somehow came out to be which is half the price of the damn computer. Then when I got home the computer was running WORSE the screen now freezes and has to be moved to a certain position, also has random pop ups, and runs even slower. Wish I took it somewhere else because now I need a whole new computer and it was running okay just a bit slow.

Would never recommend this place to ANYONE.",1.0
"Worst experience. 

So loud. No sleep. Don't stay over hotel bar. 
Called to request them to move inside. Loud. Then the noise from the ""entertainment district"" sounded like a goddamn club in my room. 

Waste of money. It's 11:49, I have to be up at 6. 
Why did I pay for a room when I didn't sleep. Hmm.",1.0
"Seriously the best burger I have ever had..obsessed with the burgers and chili sauce..atmosphere is cute, they also have a takeout side which is handy as you can order then go play the slots while you wait for your food! You can do a double cheeseburger & fries for 4$",5.0
"1Oak is an example of good marketing. They promote huge events, but the experience you will have here is less than satisfactory. This is a great place to go if you want to run into club rats who have nothing better to do than party everyday and pay for over priced drinks. The bouncers here seem to have a grudge against life and continuously hassle patrons for little to no reason. If you have no substance or standards regarding the type of people you hang around, throw on an Ed Hardy shirt and head over to this over hyped, crowded room.

The second star is strictly because they play good music.",2.0
Hands down the best  price in town for chiro care especially for someone who needs to see a chiro often .great service no appointment need it .come get adjusted and leave with out pain,5.0
Only been here for drinks. Nice open and airy. Friendly staff. Somewhat generic choice of beers. Didn't eat so I can't comment on the menu/food.,3.0
Good Chinese's food with a nice staff that answered a lot of my questions + everything was reasonably priced.,5.0
"Everything was a wonderful experience from the valet that received my car to the ice cream lady at Churn. Service was friendly, prompt and professional.

The atmosphere was warm and inviting and it just has a great vibe. 

Now to top it all off the Reuben was the best that I have ever had. Kind of funny when you think about it. How good or classy can a Reuben be? This Rueben takes you beyond the typical greasy low quality experience. The pastrami is some of the best that I have ever tasted, The sandwich was elequently done. 

I would highly recommend this place for a lunch with really good friends. It just adds to the experience of being with the ones that you love.",5.0
"I found this place to be a gem for a Casual Drinker such as myself. I Love The #1! Calmer on a Wednesday after work. And a Joy on Sunday FunDay with the boys. 

Brought My Partner's Parents here for a little southern delight and they enjoyed the POTATOES! WooHoo

I totally forgot the CrabCake Sandwich had a kick to it... It was a little too much of a kick for ""Moms In Law""... But the wonderful staff was quick to correct with a light sampler of the other items on the menu for her to feel comfortable with. It was a Wonderful Night! Thank You Windsor Staff!

Only one thing I would recommend. More samples of the SWEETS from Churn... Haha the BANANA ice cream was oh so good. The late night run over to just have a scoop are so fun.",5.0
"Well this is my 3rd time here since they moved access the street. The service and food had gone down hill big time. Service is slow, rude unprofessional. The food is poor comes out cold and was wrong. Management does not care and just makes excuses for his staff and food. Plays the blame games but refuse to  compensate you for the bad food and service. When I told him he just said. "" Well this is NOT a 5 stair restaurant we are doing the best your food was remade again and you ate that. Even if I got my remade foid when the rest of my family were almost done eating. Was told the cook didn't see the new ticket right away. Since I have tried them 3 times and all three times there were issues I will never be back. Especially since my last reviewe when staff were yelling and fight with one another and again nothing was done. Very sad to see a place run like this.",1.0
"I like this smaller theater.  Easy access to the 410 at Steeles (SW)
The place is a bit out dated.  Has a small arcades area and 9-10 theaters.  
Lot's of parking.",4.0
"Yes! Boyd Gaming bought this company out and I already see positive changes on the casino floor. They put back some of the video poker machines Cannery took out and most if not all now pay 45 coins (9/5) for a full house. And the cocktail service on the floor has improved  (somewhat). We stopped coming here quite some time ago because the service was horrible, they took out the video poker machines and lowered the payout but what a nice surprise. We will be returning!
Also the deli by the sports book was excellent! 2 cheeseburgers with fries, side of potato salad, one clam chowder soup and 2 sodas under $25 bucks.",4.0
"I was having another pork bone soup craving last night, so I came here with a friend.

Service was fine, and they had beer, so yay!

The pork bone soup was adequate. It was spicy enough and the broth was pretty flavourful, and the potato wasn't too huge. The pork on the other hand, was kind of hard to get off the bone (that's what she said) and kind of tasteless. It tasted like most of the flavour had boiled away. 

My friend had a rice cake dish which he enjoyed. 

The place was full when i got there at 7, most people had hot plate dishes. Perhaps I'll try that next time.",2.0
"Kinda pricey but by far one of the best buffets in Vegas.

One of the few buffets that have oysters (not my thing) but there's always a line for it.  Crab legs is probably one of the best I've tasted.

Overall just a great buffet.",5.0
"I believe this is the best dinner buffet in Vegas. The presentation is top notch, the variety is diverse yet hits many staples, they have everything from fresh seafood, to meat smoked onsite, to deli, sushi, vegetarian options... And an entire cheese bar. A CHEESE BAR. 
Eat your way around the world, and make sure you save some room for the multiple sections of desserts! 
Bravo, Ceasars.",5.0
"Of all the hot food I ordered throughout the buffet, 90% of it was lukewarm at best when I immediately sat down to eat. That was pretty unappetizing. I was also disappointed by the minimal options for salads or vegetables. Overall I was unimpressed with the entire buffet experience. I wouldn't go back. I paid $69 for dinner and it was an extra $15 if I wanted alcohol.",2.0
We went to dinner and we were expecting lots of seafood and a variety of sushi. Very disappointed and over priced. The salmon was over salted. We tried it and are never going back.,1.0
2+ hr wait.  Got here at 5:45.  I think Bellagio and Paris buffets were better.,3.0
"The buffet was better in 2014 than today. I went there twice recently. I expect to be blown away for the price, which is reasonable given the quality and quantity of food. I wasn't blown away this time. The cold seafood appetizers aren't as good as I remembered in the past. The cold shrimp and cocktail sauce, however, are still terrific. They didn't have the risotto in the Italian station like they did before. Why not? It used to be so good! The pork belly with polenta and balsamic was terrific, but they don't offer it consistently. Why not? The sushi dishes are meh, but the duck is outstanding. Be sure to try the outstanding juices at the Mexican station. The dessert station, at least, is consistent. Go for the made-to-order crepes. I also like the strawberry-flavored marshmallows and the creme brulee. The service, at least, is still excellent. Take care of your servers!",2.0
"My wife and I came here and my god the food was without exaggeration the best meal we've ever had. Everything was multidimensional, perfectly cooked, and insanely delicious. The souffl was better than sex--a high bar to top. The service was incredible. Instantly our favorite spot in Toronto.",5.0
"Have already been to the new location twice and loved it each time.  Great burgers, spicy pickles and fries.  Can't wait to try a dessert - next time for sure!",4.0
"Can we do minus stars? She didn't hear the order, brought the wrong item, had the attitude. When the right sandwich came out, what a disappointment. First and last time here. Save yourself go someplace, anyplace else. Looks nice on the outside nothing on the inside.",1.0
"I have been taking my daughters, their friends and our out of town friends here for years!  Lee is just a delight!  Helen is sweet and all the ladies are great at what they do.  We have been to every salon in the area and this is by far the best.  Best service! Best techniques!  Nail salons are criticized for petty things. This woman works hard to run a small business in a very competitive market and does a great job!  Mary, Alex, Danielle",5.0
"Small little place. Wanted to sit and catch up with some friends and there were no tables. It was my first time here and i didnt know what to order. And being me, ofc i would ask for recommendations, but they barely speak english and couldnt explain to me what's the difference and what come with it lol so i ordered one that had everything. The soft serve was really good. I like both green tea and black sesame. And the mochi is my fav. Soft serve crave satisfied.",3.0
"It's really more like a 4.5! I'm a matcha connoisseur, I love that stuff and order it at whatever opportunity I get. Matcha ice cream, lattes, cakes, I love it all. I was so excited for a matcha dessert to open up in Markham so I wouldn't have venture downtown for some matcha goodies. Throw in black sesame that is typically hard to find at most dessert places and you've got one happy customer right here :) 

Their soft serve is amazing! Strong matcha flavour and not overly sweet paired with the black sesame that has a nutty earthy flavour, no wonder I get these intense Tendou's cravings. I have also had their sundae's with fruit, red bean paste and mochi and that's really good too.  

I have yet to try their drinks and cakes since their soft serve always calls my name. Knocking off 0.5 stars because their $5 dollar cone is way too big for me. I wish they would have their $2 cones all year around. 

Tip: The store is kind of small, a few tables and that's it. If you need to use the washroom, its avaliable in the basement where the parking garage is.",4.0
"I have been here 3 times.
First time the Pav Bhaaji was really good. But second time it was too hot and spicy. 
The pastries were good both the times.
I also tried the chicken burger... somehow the combination of mint chutney with lettuce isnt that great in the burger. I would say get rid of either the mint chutney or the lettuce in the burgers. But overall the burgers tasted very good... 
I also had lunch here once and it was okay.
Overall... I feel the place is good but they need to be more consistent.",3.0
"This place was by far one of the best hotels for the money you pay. It was also one of the best ones on the entire strip. I've stayed at planet hollywood, circus circus, excalibur, and luxor. Royal resort was a very comfortable hotel. Despite its age, it did not look that old on the outside and the inside. It was very clean and the hotel room was very nice. The king sized bed was great and the shampoo and conditioners left were also the best I've had so far. The pool was absolutely amazing. The best temperature of all of the pools above and it was also opened the latest (until midnight!). Yes, the jacuzzi jets were not working but the jacuzzi has a magnificent water fall on three sides that work just as well as the jets and add a unique touch. Also, many jacuzzi's in the other resorts do not include jets. The staff were quite friendly, helpful and very useful. I would definitely stay here again as it is located in a very good location (right behind Encore). Yes, it is a trek to the opposite side of the strip but if you're a walker I would highly recommend this hotel.",5.0
"Natalie was our bartender and she did an amazing job. My wife and I came in for some drinks and sat at the bar. An older man came up to the bar and orders a drink from her. He was sitting at a table in the bar area where they already had a server. Natalie was very polite and was asking him who his drinks were for. He became impatient and rude immediately. She made 2 drinks for him and the second drink he shouted at her that is was not a ""full"" drink. He refused to pay for it so my wife and I stepped in and took the drink from this RUDE patron. My wife had a similar drink in front of her and side by side the drinks were of equal amounts. Natalie handled this rude person with amazing professionalism. Natalie was amazing!!!",5.0
"Loved it!  We live quite a distance and would not have just come into Notorious Burgers, but I had purchased a Groupon, that we used last week.  The place has an inviting bar and the dining room is club-like with dark walls and wooden booths and tables.  There's a huge picture of Al Capone and other interesting artwork throughout.
We were told to sit wherever we would prefer and immediately a server greeted us and gave us menus.  We asked what items were covered by the 4-course Groupon and he pointed out the couple of items that were not included. 

Then our server, Anthony, came by, welcomed us and introduced himself.  Within two minutes we felt totally at home!  The service could not be improved in any way---check backs were quick, there was time between courses so we didn't feel rushed, beverages were promptly refilled and Anthony made recommendations that he followed up on.  

We loved the food and found it far from ""meh"" as another reviewer described.  The chicken wings were wrapped in top-quality bacon and were huge ---- I swear they were from a chicken on steroids!  They were perfectly cooked and coated in an amazing barbecue sauce.  The calamari was not the usualy ring type, but rather cut from calamari steak.  The sauce it was served with was good, but Anthony also suggested we try the lemon aioli with the calamari --- amazing.  The burgers were prefectly cooked .  My husband had a more traditional burger with bacon and cheese and onion rings, which he loved.  Mine was out there --- with feta cheese and sunflower sprouts (I've never seen them before: reminded me of LIttle Shop of Horrors, and sunflower seeds.  It was fantastic.  The burgers were huge and we took half of each home to enjoy the next day. We took home the dessert that came with our Groupon package because we couldn't eat another thing.  We each got the cannoli which were made while we waited !!!  Can't be any fresher than that.  They were amazing, just like the best Italian bakeries in NYC and Boston.

At the end Joey, the owner, came over.  He was appreciative of our business and I promised him I would write a Yelp review.  My husband and I love mom and pop restaurants and have definitely found a new favorite spot!   When we want an amazing burger, we will jump in the car and ride up from Chandler....yes, that is how good Notorious Burger is.  Worth the drive!  The Groupon enabled us to try a lot of their menu, next time it will be difficult to decide what to order!",5.0
"Great facility! Loved the wave room and salt room. Long walk to get there down all the hallways, allow time before service.",4.0
"Tried the new Pulled Pork Sandwich. It was outstanding, great BBQ sauce, crunchy slaw, tasty pork and only 430 calories. Must Eat!!!!!!",5.0
I love this damn place. The Hallah French toast is amazing. The Philly cheese steak will blow your mind and the 5 layer chocolate cake is like a chocolate orgasm in your mouth. Sometimes the wait when sitting down to eat can be long and some servers aren't as sharp as others but the food MAKES everything worth while. Plus I've started ordering for pickup and it's ready in 15 minutes tops. Much faster and eating this amazing food without pants watching Netflix makes it that much sweeter.,5.0
"Very impressed.  I'm from L.A and had a hard time finding a salon that I liked.  I'm in love with Aveda products and that was one of the things I looked for.  (An Aveda salon) 
Also... I was a bit skeptical because alot of stylists have a hard time with my long, curly, course hair.   Phil Johnson did a GREAT job! 
 At first to me he looked a bit taken back, but what I liked is that he asks alot of questions in making sure in determining what it is you really want.   I will continue to go there.   
If you decide to go there.... Look for Phil!",5.0
"I'd never been to an Outback Steakhouse before. Won't bother again.

Appies were nasty - deep fried mushrooms and an onion flower. Salty, dull, tough.

My companions both had racks of ribs and seemed to enjoy them. I had a rib eye steak, which probably could have been very nice had it not been immersed in a salty rub.

The atmosphere is very dated, second-rate, typical theme restaurant, and the Australian theme is pretty laughable. Other than a couple of decent Australian beers (Boags and Coopers) you won't find anything here that you can't get at just about any other mid-range steakhouse in America. You can't even get a burger with a slice of pickled beetroot and a fried egg.",3.0
"It's been 3 days and I'm still fantasizing about our recent dinner at Salt Wine Bar on Saturday night. I'd heard about this Iberian tapas place from friends in past and the word had been pretty good, a few standout dishes were a must try and overall the meal was a great.

I feel like my friends undersold this Ossington standout. Our experience was amazing. We had a later reso, around 8:45pm, and upon arrival had a great cozy corner spot near the rear of the restaurant.

Our server came by and walked us through the menu while explaining the recommended number of tapas plates we should order for a group our size (typically 2 dishes per person). We had 6 people together so this meant we could be frivolous with our 12 choices and order some doubles while really testing the limits of the menu.

I'll be honest, I can't recall everything we had but here is a list of all the items I remember, and know that for the most part everything was amazing and I would 100% order them again: Octopus, meatballs, sea bream ceviche, steak frites, steak tartar, wild mushroom gnocchi, rapini, large sized cheese board...

Some of the above were ordered twice to ensure everyone received a good tasting of it. My one complaint was with the cheese board as I felt that while the taste of the cheeses were quite nice and paired nicely with our meals, I felt it to be overpriced for the portion size that was offered.

Aside from the food, I also imbibed on their smoked old fashioned for starters and 4 of us shared in an excellent bottle of wine which sat around the $75 mark.

As is the case with many Tapas restaurants, when you're ordering so many small dishes at times the price can creep up on you. The average price per head worked out (with booze) to be around $100 by the end of the night, not the highest I've paid but certainly on the pricier side. So conservative diners beware.

Overall, would return (just to have the meatballs and steak frites all to myself). 

Eatcrest Out!",4.0
Hands down the BEST! Anyone that bitches about this place being a dive is stupid. Its a PUNK DIVE BAR! Ass Juice is godly!,5.0
my friend from vegas took me here. i'm sure people don't come here for the liquor cause i can get cheaper PBR in LA but the entertainment is priceless. there was a live punk band the night we went and this one guy in the mosh pit kept running into tables and the one fat chick tried to hop into the mosh pit too and ended up getting punched in the face. it was an awesome time.,4.0
"Came for the Summerlicious dinner menu, $28 with a starter, entree and a dessert. The place itself definitely has more of a pub feel, they offer a bunch of local beers. Wanted to order the perogies, but since they were sold out, settled for the shrimp tostada for starter. Fish tacos for the main. Strawberry shortcake for dessert.

The shrimp tostada was a shrimp salad on a large nacho on a bed of avocado, topped with a shrimp. Pretty tasty, and good presentation, but a little small. The fish tacos came with two tacos and some duck fat fries. The tacos can vary in size, but were quite delicious. Fries were okay. My girlfriend ordered the truffle oil Mac N Cheese. The truffle oil really comes through, very strong flavour. Definitely worth trying. The dessert was kind of lacking. It seemed to be a shortcake made of store bought donuts. Not impressed here. Overall though, a fun meal.",4.0
"Megan was fantastic! Let's just say I've been too busy, and this is one errand that was put on the back burner... oops! Hellooooo, 70's porn called and they want their look back.  Jeez, woman!

Seriously, folks. After all that and understanding I've jewelry to contend with? Amazing experience for my first visit!

Nearly painless, informed and personable tech, great staff, and great packages. I've already got my next appointment!",5.0
"Have gone to this place several times very mediocre service. What really pissed me off as a customer and will make me look for a different place from now on is that I called in to make a reservation, mind you you can do this online or in person just fine they would not put me on the list simply because I called In. Their excuse is no shows after calls I'm sorry but there is no difference in me going online and doing it vrs calling in and doing it. Stupidest thing iv ever heard. I call ahead to make sure I'm on the list so I'm not waisting my time. You don't want my business when I call ahead to make sure I'm in and out that's fine you won't get my business ever again",1.0
"I was so disappointed. My sister and I stopped in later in the evening because we found it on yelp and it sounded so cute and yummy. The names of the donuts we so cute and they looked good in the case even though the selection was very very poor. We settled on the 4 out of 6 choices and shared. We ended up have a bite each of the 4 and that was it. They were all stale. They were definitely not as good as they looked. We were mad that we wasted our money, and they weren't cheap. We probably should've asked for our money back but were too tired to hassle it. Wouldn't go back :(",2.0
This is the original and it's the best! A little expensive for what you get and they've sure figured out how to make the veal go a long way by hammering so thin you can see through it. But the amazing sauce makes this sandwich as wonderful mess that you just have to have.,5.0
"From the initial email with Mark, I knew he was going to be great. When we met with him, he exceeded our expectations to sell our home and we knew immediately that he was the one to do so. Mark is extremely knowledgeable about the real estate market and very professional. We had to move quickly due to a career change so having to think about moving across the country is stressful enough! We didn't worry about a thing with Mark. He sold our house in less than three weeks! We completely trusted him with everything. Mickie at Newman Realty was wonderful too! They go above and beyond. We couldn't be happier. Do not hesitate to contact them for your real estate needs!",5.0
This place continues to deliver consistent service for my family's needs. Always have the groceries were looking for and most recently I went to buy a big screen tv from another walmart just because I was nearby. They didn't have it so I came to my local laveen walmart and they had it In stock!! Great job!!!,5.0
"Brio Tuscan Grille is a chain of formula restaurants serving Northern Italian  inspired food, much like Maggianno's Little Italy  is a chain that serves more Southern Italian inspired food.

It has about 30 locations and is HQ in Ohio. There is another one in Gilbert, AZ.

The decor is sumptious and large, with high ceilings, dark woods, draped white cotton materials in archways and to the center of the dining room, with Tuscan marble color inspired motif in beiges and terra cota, and faux terra cota wall textures in golden orange hues.. 

The bar is a classic marble top with dark wood storage canopy overhead, and several booths where there is no wait. The dining room is very large, almost ballroom size. There is also a large patio for snowbirds to enjoy the Scottsdale winter weather. 

I-Pop plays incessently on the speakers. (I-Pop is Italian top 40s music, not the latest music player from Apple!)

The food is Tuscan inspired but has an American slant to many dishes and ingredients. And like Maggiano's, the dishes are HUGE!

I sat at the bar for lunch and ordered from the Primi portion of the menu (meaning first, or appetizers) a Beef Carpaccio ($9.95) and Spicy Pepper Shrimp on Grilled Eggplant ($9.95).  

They were served in long narrow oval dishes. The Carpaccio was in a plate about 18 inches long! Nice raw beef, covered with olive oil, capers, and a streak of Aioli. In the center was a stack of arugula in a nice, sweet, but light dressing, and served with 2 triangles of brittle cheese infused bread crackers.

The Shrimp came in a rich cream sauce, with each shrimp laying atop a breaded and grilled Melanzone, or eggplant wedge, with a healthy dose of black pepper throughout to spice it up. The flavors were great, but a little overdone in richness and peppers, and too oily in the eggplant. 

They serve fresh warm bread and herb seasoned cracker wedges with butter, complimentary. Iced tea was $2.50.

Service was very friendly, and professional. All staff wear white shirts and Ties, like you would find in most restaurants in Firenze, Italia..

This is a great place to bring family and friends in the beautiful new Scottsdale Quarter mall, which is still under construction and right across from the higher end Kierland Commons on North Scottsdale Road.",4.0
"I can say I got me some soul food in Arizona! Oh yes, I did! Fried chicken and waffles to be exact! It was my first time trying this combo and I'll have to say that it was quite interesting. I didn't find chicken and waffles as appealing together compared to having each separately though. 

- Tre Tre's: 2 chicken legs and a waffle. Oh my, oh my, was the waffle big. Loved the fried chicken, so flavorful and not dry at all. Waffle was really dense and too filling, also flavored with cinnamon? 
- Buttered corn (served sat/sun only): I pictured a cob of corn, but it came out in kernel form in a bowl. It was like canned corn with butter melted onto it. :(
- Collard greens: Yum, with a hint of spiciness. 

After quickly scanning their menu and placing my order, I found out later that they serve cornbread and red velvet cake. Nom, nom, nom...but I was too full to even think about ordering either. It's a spacious restaurant, no wait for a party of 8 or so on a Saturday afternoon when I came. I would come back for the fried chicken, but I'll pass on the waffles next time!",3.0
"Craving Mexican food in Vegas? Check this place out! They have great big tacos really delicious. There nachos are fully loaded and yummy. Friendly staff a +.

The burrito is huge could feed two people.

Great thing about this place it is open 24hours and food taste fresh at any time.

Check it out after the club!!!",4.0
"Ran in right before closing and they were still super nice.. Cookies were fresh and chewy, ice cream was unique (animal cookie ice cream?!) and really tasty. Also pretty cheap if you ask me!! I recommend giving this place a try.",5.0
"Mud feels like that stylish friend you admire and are a little bit jealous of. 

Parking is simple in the surrounding free lots. Their storefront is bright, clean and very welcoming. 

My 30 minute facial was relaxing and invigorating. They are running some killer special right now for their grand opening. For me a facial is more of a ... well this was my second one ever. So an every 15 years or so treat :) if you get one more regularly you'll want to take advantage of their deals. 

My facialist (is that a word?) analyzed my skin and suggested a treatment. That sounded great and smelled even better with these awesome cold marble things massaging my face and finishing with hot towels. A quick treat without any calories. Plus some random guy hit on me right after I left here, my skin was glowing.",4.0
"Good for drinks but the food is too expensive for the quality. Willow will not be a top pick of mine for the area. On a positive note, its a great venue for showers  or private events.",3.0
Love the tacos!  Can be noisy inside during busy times.  I prefer to eat on their spacious patio in the cooler months. Still one of my favorites places.,4.0
I had a great time being checked on by 4 different employees just sitting at the bar. The bartender was friendly and helpful when deciding on what to order to eat. His name was Alex and made sure everything came out quickly and to perfection,5.0
"There are better. 
We went with a large group on a Saturday night and had reservation. They were 40 minutes late seating us. That happens but for an upscale restaurant they didn't compensate very well; we had to ask for some apps on the house. The service was fine but not remarkable. I had the Ham Steak which was a good portion but way to salty. The baked beans that came with the fried chicken were underdone but the chicken was good. I recommend getting a salad and adding the steak as that was the best meal that others had. The steak was well cooked and tender. 
Overall, it was not worth the price. There are much better places for a nice dinner. It would be a fine place for a drink before the special exhibits but the bar was pretty full from what I saw. So, go to special exhibits, enjoy the botanical garden, leave the underwhelming and expensive dinner to the tourists.",3.0
"I threw a birthday party for my dad at cool bar private room.  It is very nice room.  Everybody like the food even children.  I was worry if guests doesn't like the food cus most of their food has cumin, Szechwan peppercorn and other spices. Food was delicious. I really like it.  Service is very good too.",5.0
"Came here during dinner, ordered tonkotus ramen, miso ramen and fried calamari. Service was mediocre, food was not bad, bit salty. Overall experience was okay.


Good
-ramen soup was very creamy.
-corn tastes good with soup.
-better than their original location.


Not so good
-charges 1 dollar for Sriracha.
-server was not friendly.
-fried calamari became soggy due to sauces on the bottom, ramen soup is bit too salty.",3.0
"Id definitely recommend this texas style hole in the wall joint.  It reminds me of my days I texas.  Funny bumper stickers and hats as decor. Expire fed friendly waitstaff that know how to get you feeling comfortable or put you I your place.  
I went with a cold bud light as the domestic choices just spoke to me! The chopped brisket sandwich was really quiet good despite being served upside down.  Maybe that's the thing.  I ordered a frito pie and and it came on bag ready to go.  What a good ole Sunday place.
They brought be a fun little fried rice cake beignet thing with a good amount of powdered sugar and life was good. 
If this place wasn't in a strip center I think you'd believe you were in a shack on a ranch grubbing down.
Enjoy!",5.0
Always fast and easy online ordering and even quicker staff. Good dependable pizza!,5.0
"I have been coming here for the best freshest most variety of dim sum for for over 15 years. I stopped going other places , because the potential for food poison was too high to risk it! I have never had anything except very positive experiences here! Please to ALL Dim Sum Lovers Keep Chang's Alive and thriving !!! My Family Love Eating HERE",5.0
"I stayed here at an incredibly cheap rate via hotwire. I was quite pleased with the value, although the room I stayed in lacked the character found in the grand hotel lobby below. Nevertheless, the room was quiet, clean, and very comfortable, except that the window let in almost no light thanks to a building adjacent to the hotel. I really mean no light, as in at noon it was dark. I presume that other, higher floors have nicer rooms.",3.0
Walked in and the place was so heavily scented that it gave me a headache. There was a plugin in the wall that was fumigating the whole place with pumpkin spice something.... I left.,1.0
"Look, Buca di Beppo will never be confused for fine dining. But it being a family-friendly chain shouldn't preclude it from serving tasty dishes.

We went with the Spaghetti and Meatballs (""our famous half-pound meatballs with our homemade marinara sauce"") as our main and it was, to put it mildly, a disappointment.

The food arrived at the table hardly hotter than warm, but that wasn't the biggest problem. No, the main issue was the unbelievably overcooked pasta. It was soft and mushy and I couldn't believe a restaurant would serve something of this caliber. The meatballs were tough and dry, while the marinara sauce was bland and tasteless.

Our side dish, Italian Broccoli Romano, was surprisingly tasty, though. The broccoli had a nice crunch, and the impressively plentiful garlic gave the dish an irresistible bite.

I probably wouldn't have found the main so objectionable if it hadn't been so expensive ($26.99!)",3.0
"This is a very nice place, it is inside Excalibur in Las Vegas, old school Italian family style food. We ordered penne pasta and they make to order.",4.0
"So I've been coming to get cakes here, but once in awhile I'll try other places, which most times ends in disappointment. I like coming here because they have so much selections may it be cookies, cupcakes, gelato, and cakes. Their cakes are not dry and not sweet at all, just right. Recently got a cake, it's a two layer chocolate cake with bavarian cream in between, and I was dreaming of it overnight. Now tell me was that good or not to be even dreaming about their cakes. Their service is fast and efficient since there's a sign in front from getting a number to be helped next or follow the arrows where you need to be. The guy that helped us was super nice. He answered all the questions we had about the cake they have that day and was not annoyed by it. It fact he gave us extra cookies for checking in on yelp. Well, for now on Freed's will be our #1 to go to place for cakes.",5.0
He live in Henderson and used Yelp to find some lunch after Gravady... what a pleasant surprise !! Great lunch and a selection to please everyone. SUPER fresh too! Only problem is that it is so far from home. We hope to see a location open in Henderson... we would surely make it a staple!,5.0
This place is GOOD! It's out in the middle of no where but well worth the drive. Everthing that we ordered was spot on.  I felt the dinner portions were small for the prices but the taste and quality of the food is well worth it.,4.0
This bank is TERRIBLE!! Always a long wait. People complain about it every time I'm here and they refuse to have more tellers to help people get in and out. Unfortunately I have to keep coming here because it's for my work. I would never personally bank with Bank of America. I bank with Wells Fargo and they are always quick to help you get you in and out if you need to.,1.0
"Just moved into the area, and we think we found our go-to place :) hubby wasn't feeling well so i took my daughters out, planning to bring some home for hubby. We ordered the beef brisket, hamburger with everything on it (peppers were forgotten, but not concerned) and the kids wing meal.... Was it good you ask? Well, we had to order hubby his own wings since we didn't have enough to bring home to him. Great food with great service to match! We will be back :)",5.0
Great show. Seats are a little tight so be prepared if you are a little hippy like me.  We sat in section 102 maybe 6 rows back.. PREFECT! The stage is high so if you sat too close you were looking UP at the stage. Audience interaction was funny. Arrive early so you can enjoy the entire show.  A lot of different personalities for every audience member. Not my first Cirque show. It was good but still not my favorite.,4.0
sleazy. two decent five minutes of trapeze and the girl who performed in a glass. The rest was embarrassingly bad soft porn.,1.0
"I was visiting recently and came to El Amigo for dinner with my boyfriend and his brother. They grew up in the area and have fond memories of meals at the restaurant so I was eager to taste the infamous El Amigo magic. I ordered the Chef's Special and substituted for black beans instead of refried. Totally overdosed on chips, salsa and queso so when my food arrived I wasn't really hungry anymore. It worked out for the best because my food was way too salty and I could barely eat a quarter of my meal. The beans were especially salty. As in, so salty I could barely even eat them. I don't know if a bucket of salt got dumped into the batch of beans but my beans weren't the only ones that were overly salted. The rest of my food was okay. Nothing extraordinary but I grew up in Los Angeles and we have some amazing Mexican food out here. Maybe my taste buds were on sensory overload since I don't normally even add salt to my food. The service was pretty good considering we had a huge group and everyone was friendly, so I'll give them that! Sorry, i guess I'm just picky when it comes to my food!",2.0
"Craving hibachi since celebrating my friends birthday and was excited to try Bee Gees. It's a small restaurant with a drive through. Opted to dine in and started with appetizers, the kakage (vegetables w/small pieces of shrimp mixed together - tempura style) and the shrimp & mushroom saute ( like shrimp scampi w/mushrooms).  I liked both of them. I couldn't decide between the hibachi chicken and shrimp . I ended trying both and ordered the hibachi shrimp  (shrimp w/side of vegetables) and side order of the hibachi chicken (chicken only). I loved the hibachi shrimp and have been dreaming about having more,since! The chicken was a bit blah. I also tried the icy slushy in coconut flavor, yum, refreshing and not overly sweet! I will definitely be back.",4.0
"We have been searching for a Chinese restaurant of the caliber of Jade Empress since that palace to oriental cuisine closed more than 20 years ago and today we may have finally it.
Yao Fine Chinese Cuisine was a wonderful experience, the staff was friendly, the food was outstanding and most importantly the prices were amazing!
We started with egg rolls which were large, crispy and delicious without being greasy. The hot and sour soup was delicious without the sharp tang of vinegar that is true of so many other Chinese places.
Yao serves a dish called General Chicken (Similar to General Tso Chicken) that is tender chicken served in a slightly sweet yet spicy sauce with crisp broccoli. It was a treat to be sure, but the dish that really was a hit was the Black Pepper Beef. Strips of tender beef cooked with chopped bell peppers, onion, jalapeno peppers, a delicious sauce all sprinkled with loads of fresh black pepper. Oh my!
We enjoyed our meal immensely but it became twice as wonderful when the check came, Wow! Least expensive we've had out in quite some time. You really need to check them out.",4.0
"i get mad cravings for Goody's burgers. i've found excuses to go to warden and eglinton just to have one. straight up murders Five Guys which is about 300 meters away. does Five Guys offer lobster bisque as a sub to your sweet potato fries?? helll no. if they were open later or more days on the weekend, my prayers would be answered.",5.0
"If it was possible to post negative stars I would. After being a loyal member to LA Fitness Bakery Square for 3 years, I tried to cancel my account because I was moving to New York. I walked into the gym 15 minutes before 9am expecting to wait until 9am to officially cancel my account. The person at the front desk told me I didn't have to wait and cancelled my account right then. I verified that my account was cancelled and he said yes, that's all you have to do. 

A week later, I was charged $34.99. I called La Fitness and the manager told me she apologized for the confusion and would refund my money. A week later I called back because I didn't see the refund in my account. She said it wouldn't post for another day or so. I called back a week later because it hadn't posted and she was no longer working there. I called back every week for the next three weeks and no one there could help me. They didn't fill her position  and apparently no one there can do anything. 

Finally I get a call from who I am assuming is the new manager and she refused to refund my money from August. It's mid October. She said Jane didn't leave a note so there was no way for her to refund me. What a fucking joke. I have never experienced such bad customer service. I will never return to this gym or any other LA Fitness. I advise you to do the same.",1.0
I moved out of Toronto about 2 years ago but I make sure to hit up Ding Tai Fung every single time I am in town. They have the most amazingly fresh dumplings. You just can't go wrong!,4.0
"Maza is quickly becoming one of our favorites. The food is priced decently and though some dishes I like better than others, I haven't had anything that I don't like and we've tried out quite a few items off the menu. The service is attentive without being too fussy. They also have a really awesome weekday lunch special with that includes appetizer, drink, entree, and dessert for under $10. 

Every 3rd Saturday afternoon there's a group that comes in and plays fun accordian music on stage, which might not be everyone's cup of tea but it's a definite draw for my husband.",5.0
"The place has a nice atmosphere, the food is good, the beer is cheap and the bartenders are good.",4.0
"I was in the area and saw on the Yelp app that Two Sisters' Thai Food was near by. So I stopped in to check them out, I always get Pad Thai as my measure of what a Thai restaurant can do. My Pad Thai was good and came with chicken and shrimp; it was on point as far a flavor was concerned the noodles could have been a bit more al dente for my taste but rice noodles can be tricky. My husband ordered the Basil rice and it was perfect great flavor and nice pieces of sliced chicken.

This time we ordered to go but next time I will order for dining area since it had a nice vibe to it. While waiting on my order I noticed that they offer a nice weekly rotating lunch special that offers 3 different Entrees each day of the week; including an Egg roll or Spring roll and a small bowl of the soup of the day for $7.99 10:30-2:30.",4.0
"Drove here on a Saturday night around 8ish. It was closed. Even the parking lot was blocked off. Totally disappointed.

UPDATE 4/26/08: Eyes peeled for the reopening!",3.0
I've been sat here for an hour with no food. The place is packed and only one chef. I've had good experiences before when the place wasn't busy but this is just ridiculous.  They lost my business.,1.0
"Very tasty, service was not very good or I'd give it 5 stars-server was not very good. Their jalepeno cream cheese dip is excellent! My fiance even liked the food and he doesn't really like Mexican. Its kind of more like tex-mex than Mexican food. They give you huge portions. It's not too expensive either-kind of like a family dining experience.",4.0
"I don't typically write reviews for anything, but this place rocks!! I went in for a full set of acrylics and walked out with the best looking nails Ive ever had..for only $20! I have been to a lot of different nail salons (both hole in the wall and ritzy snobby places) for acrylics and always ask for short and thin nails to make them look as ""natural"" as possible, but no one has got it right until now. I LOVE my nails and had a great experience here. I was the last customer at the end of the day, which happens often when I get my nails done, and I was not rushed at all. Suzie took her time and was so sweet!! The place was very clean, and as the last customer of the day I watched the thorough and efficient cleaning process at the end of the day. I will definitely be back and will refer my friends to Central Nails :)

Oh, and they have Christmas lights up...I was in Heaven!",5.0
"Whenever I'm in Vegas, I make sure to go here and have the amazingly fresh oysters and combo pan roast. ALWAYS SATISFIED. Already missing this place, hope to be back soon!!",5.0
Not worth the wait. I heard great reviews from several people. The food was good but nothing to write home about. My husband had the gumbo and I had the combo pan roast. There are so many options in Vegas we won't be back.,2.0
"The food is pretty authentic to some parts of Mexico: it can be heavy, laden with rich sauces, and lots of cheese. The rice and beans are great--it's often the simple foods that are the hardest to do well. They offer a choice of either refried beans or black beans, and either are good, but I prefer the whole black beans. I often order the shrimp quesadillas, they're flavorful but not too heavy. The camarones diablo is another good shrimp dish. 

Another reviewer mentioned the decor is rather vibrant. I've been to quite a few restaurants in various parts of Mexico that have very similar decor (not tourist restaurants). It's not necessarily my taste, either, but it probably reflects what the owners are familiar with. 

The staff are wonderful. Friendly and very welcoming. Some speak Spanish, others don't, but those who do will gladly converse in Spanish.",4.0
"The only complaint I have is Susan the receptionist is so rude and I cringe every time I have to deal with her.  My Veterinarian is Dr. Sue Wiggers and I can't say enough good things about her. She is so very sweet and I can tell she sincerely cares for my dog. She is very knowledgeable and has been cost effective with my dogs skin problems. I'm always bummed when my schedule does not allow me to see her , however I have seen Dr. Montgomery a couple of times and I really like her as well. She is very sweet and cares for my dog as well.",5.0
"I usually don't like food trucks, but this one was great. The fries (aka chips) are not to be missed. The grits that came with my dish tasted as good as the ones I ate in the south as a kid. Chicken smelled, looked and tasted heavenly. I would recommend giving them a try if you ever get a chance.",4.0
Awesome!  Quacamole is the best!  Everything else is great as well!,5.0
"Underwhelmed. It was...good...but...I felt like I was eating at an expensive version of Chipotle. Only dined here once--but I tried everyone's food (4 dishes, we all shared). I will definitely return...at some point...however there are many places in my restaurant queue to visit first.",3.0
"Came here on a Friday evening with my bf and another couple. We had to wait about 45 min to be seated, so I would recommend making a reservation if you plan on coming on a weekend night. 

Food/drink:
-Mango sangria was very yummy and a carafe was enough for four people to have almost 2 drinks each. I would say this is a good deal on the menu. I loved the mango chunks that were floating around in this drink. 
-Fish tacos were good; the fish was blackened tilapia, which was flavorful and cooked well. The dish came with black beans and rice which were super bland. I am from Miami, so I have had very good black beans and rice. Compared to that, this tasted like black beans out of a can poured over rice. Meh. 
-Chips/guac were very good... I liked the guac a lot. It almost had a smoky / bacon flavor to it. The chips were good, especially the plantain and yuca chips. 

Service:
-Service was very slow (30 min to take our order, another 30 min after that to bring our food), but it was a Friday night so I understand. There was some confusion with our order, but I felt they handled it well. Basically, we ordered ceviche and they instead brought out chips with guac. When we asked about it, we were told the guac was complementary. Then our food came, and when we asked about the ceviche, our waiter told us that they mixed up our tables and we got guac instead. Since our food was already there, we held off on the ceviche. They didn't charge us for guac or ceviche, so no harm no foul I guess. 

Overall, this place had a nice atmosphere and the food was good. I've had amazing Cuban/ South American food in Miami, so maybe I am a tough critic, but this place doesn't even compare to the food there. And the price of food here ($15-25 per plate) is pretty steep for the quality of food. I've been wanting to try this place for a while, but I probably won't be back.",3.0
"I'm a vegan so I know how to cook tofu and vegetables. When I go to places like these, I  like to experiment with certain ""meats."" The restaurant is really cute and the service was superb. I ordered the orange chicken and steamed fish with black bean sauce. AMAZING!!! Everything tasted so flavorful. I was very pleased. I even saved room for some mung bean and green tea vegan ice cream. I suggest you do the same.",5.0
BEST FOOD YOU WILL EVER EAT! If you eat meat I guarantee this place WILL change your mind. What you think you're eating and what you are really eating blows your mind. The staff are incredible and practically make you feel like family. The chef comes out and greets all his guest. My first time trying the Veggie House he gave out samples of the Crispy Spicy Beef (which is my all time favorite and I HIGHLY suggest ordering it) to the whole restaurant. I am going for my culinary degree and am seriously considering doing my internship there... if he will allow me ;),5.0
"5 star for food. 2 star for the extremely slow service. The spicy eggplant was delicious & so was the Kung pao chicken. But the service was slow by abt 30 minutes. 10 min to bring the menu, another 10 minutes before taking the order & then more time to get the rice (after getting the entrees) & then the forks few more minutes later. Please improve your service. You seem to have good people.",3.0
"The place was packed when I went for lunch - a good sign! Probably the best Indian buffet I've had in Toronto! The lunch buffet costs $10.95. 

Great if you want a taste of everything. Not quite as good as some al a carte  but what do you expect from buffets??",4.0
"Is it obvious I enjoy the food here.  Had lunch on one occasion.... Pizza was delicious, thin crush the way I like it.  We went for dinner on the weekend and both my husband and I had the seafood linguine.  It was delicious!!!! The pasta was perfectly cooked ""al dente"".  The meal was hot and there  was a generous helping of seafood on our plate.  Will definitely order this again.  My mum had the Fettuccini Alfredo, which was also very good.  Will I go back a third time?........I think it's safe to say I will.",4.0
"Seriously some of the best coffee I've had in years! Bye bye dutch bros, I've found my new go to coffee spot :)",5.0
"We went here for my boyfriend's birthday.  We didn't end up making a reservation because we were debating between CUT and another restaurant, but we were able to sit in the lounge and order dinner.  The food was amazing!  I ended up ordering the sole because we had just had steak the night before.  It was the best!  So moist and delicious.  They also brought a complimentary dessert for his birthday.  While it's definitely pricey, it was worth it in my opinion and I can't wait to go back.",5.0
"Perfecto! Absolutely great place with great food. Service is absolutely amazing, very friendly owner who will take care of any and all of your requests.

Atmosphere is very cozy although I found the entrance to be quite odd but understandable. You have to enter through a side door as opposed to the main entrance during the winter so as not to let in the cold around the tables where people are eating. Regardless the decor is very warm and inviting and perfectly set up.

Food is great, everything is made in house - definitely have a go at the desserts (creme brule was great). They had a new menu which is a bit more expensive but apparantly it's just for the christmas season. Regardless it's a great menu and the food was really tasty! Definitely recommended.

Dinner for 2 including wine will cost you $30-50. Main's $15-$25.",5.0
"Shela at ALW Massage offers an amazing massage experience. She listens to what you have to say about any issues you may be having, then quickly gets to work making those issues go away. I've never worked with a massage therapist before who could so expertly get to the source of the problem and get it worked out. The room is very relaxing and always at a comfortable temperature. I recommend ALW Massage to all of my friends.",5.0
"Friday late night (7/22/2016) was my 1st time out to Sydney's. This was such a fun wine/martini bar! I went with a group of friends to hear a mutual friend sing, and her performance was the highlight of the evening. Their martini list is extensive, however, when I switched over to beer, it took 3 orders for me to get a beer selection (no Stella, and no Mich Ultra even though it was on the menu). Before my husband switched over the beer, he had 1 vodka/sprite, and 2 kamikaze shots, which totaled $30.00! Ouch! Wasn't expecting that! Our waitress Jackie was outstanding; attentive and prompt and very friendly. The place is intimate enough to have conversations, but big enough to move around. We will definitely be back again!",4.0
"Seems like your average sports bar when you walk in, but they seem to find some redeeming qualities. Food was great and at a good price. Our server (Shaun, I think) suggest we try their honey mustard grilled chicken sandwich. It was great and the same price as their chicken sandwich without cheese or bacon. I also had a cup of their clam chowder and it was superb! Shawn took great care of us. The place was obviously busy, but he was prompt and even took the time to chat with us.
I would give five stars, but the decor was very, VERY dated and dark. The wood paneling we sat next to seemed to be peeling off the wall and there were stains on the carpet near us. They decor just makes you feel gross. Paint the walls brighter and get rid of that old carpeting and this place would be the perfect spot.",4.0
Fantastic authentic greek food.  This place is definitely a hidden gem of University Circle as it's not easily visible from the street.,5.0
"Tasty gyro and a menu filled with puns! Friendly service and homemade baklava samples! I mean, what else could you possibly want or need? Delicious and affordable lunch in a central location--would recommend!",5.0
Great cappuccinos. Exceptional chocolate cake. Although flat with cream. Was perfect after dinner place. Most people are bidding times before pizza Bianca. But a perfect spot for after dinner drinks or night caps and the outside patio is perfect.,5.0
So bummed they got rid of their reverse happy hour! I loved walking there after 9 just for a drink. The sangria pitcher is a great bargain but don't expect to share it between two people unless you want to be carried out. Their food is really hit or miss but their desserts are good. If you need to be awake for a week or are interested in having a heart attack you should try their cold brew coffee; it is the strongest coffee I have ever had. The employees on the dinner/table side are really nice but the employees on the store/carry out side usually aren't as friendly. The bartenders in the bar are really nice and prompt.,3.0
"LGO - I am in love with you!  First, you wow me with breakfast (your muffins melt me).  Then your drinks and sweets.  I finally had time to try your pizza.  Why didn't I come sooner?  Boy, I was missing out.  I got the gladiator pizza.  It was very good:  thin crust, crust was tasty, cheese was so flavorful, the sausage was full of flavors too, and there was pepperoni hiding between the crust and the cheese.  The cheese pizza was great too.  My mouth and tummy was a happy camper.  

Why 4 stars?  The service.  It was slow, had to ask for refills, and just painfully to get your server's attention.  The place can get a little loud!",4.0
"One of the greatest meals of all time (not exaggerating either). Had the three course prix fixe menu (note the only have prix fixe menu in either 4 or 3 courses) with wine pairing. 

The first course was a quail salad with an amazing Piniot Gris from France. The second was a foie gras with the size of a filet minon. The second wine was like a port which went well with the foie gras. Had the veal chop as the main course which melted in my mouth. The third wine was tasty but didn't compare to the first two.

Meal and service were amazing. I'd definitely go back. This $250 meal was definitely a steal.",5.0
"Ordered take out and it was pretty bad. Ribs were dried out and tough like jerky. The price was shockingly high - 2 full racks of ribs and 1 lb of brisket, plus two family sides came to over $100. I won't be going back.",1.0
This is my second interaction with this company and I couldn't be happier. Drew was helpful and quick to reply. Thanks for great service in a difficult field!,5.0
Love love love Hokkaido. They are right down the street from my house which is just an added bonus as I would drive across town to eat here.  We have eaten here quite a few times now and have loved everything I have tried.  Servers and chefs greet you when you come in and take great care of you and are super helpful with any questions or special requests.,5.0
"Urban cookies and Ollicakes cupcakes are my go-to spot for when I need to brighten someone's day.  I will say that my favorite cupcake flavors are the orangeblossom, coconut and german chocolate.  Strawberry buttercream is pretty darn tasty too.  The cookies don't ever disappoint.  Sweet without being cloying, flavor packed and pretty to boot.  Bonus, they are open until at least six and that makes my run home a lot sweeter!",4.0
"My boyfriend and I went there after spending the day at the zoo. In the beginning the waiter was awesome. She split a bowl of Lobster Bisque that was AWESOME. And he actually convinced me to get the Ma-hi Ma-hi instead of the crab legs i had my heart set on. The Ma-hi Ma-hi was good, the steamed veggies that came with it were a little undercooked in my opinion but over all everything was fantastic. My boyfriend got the rack of ribs (he was planning on sharing the crab legs with me). He said they weren't ""fall off the bone good but were still pretty good."" The waiter could have done a better job of checking up on us (we ran out of drinks fast, but other than that we give him 2 thumbs up. At the end of dinner our waiter even brought us a couple of hot towels to wash ourselves up with.",4.0
"Service: The guys are great, they tell you their favorite pizza, what they recommend, etc. 

Food: After hauling ass from La to LV non stop, first thing I want is 2 things...a BEER and a PIZZA from here....or tacos from tacos el gordo...best part of this place it's right there (for those who are a frequent stayers at Cosmopolitan).  I take the elevator to their flow, walk in, get a whole pizza, go back, and destroy it.  The flavors are spot on, it's not too salty, not too greasy, it's just perfect. The crust has the perfect crisp on the outside and the warm, soft inside.  Can't expect anything more from that on a pizza.

Ambiance: It's a literal hole in the wall.  On the top floor of the dining/shopping area, you'll spot a bright bluish, purplish light in a hallway next to the elevator, that's it.  It's a literal hole in the wall.  As you walk in, you'll see awesome portraits to a NY style pizza restaurant decor.  It's just awesome.",5.0
"This place is kinda hidden in the cosmopolitan, its on the 3rd floor. Pretty small and kinda pricey, 3 toppings for I believe $38 w/o tax yet. We ordered the white pizza, which is a mixture of chesse. Out of a 5, ill give it a 3. It was okay. Maybe next time I'll try something else.",3.0
"A miracle in your mouth! Went here on my first visit to Vegas about four years ago, and have tried to eat here every time I've been back. However, it's become less and less of a secret, with crazy waits and thus the only reason a star got knocked off. Yet it is well worth the wait and I enjoy every bite of this great pizza. The white is one of my faves. I try to share this experience with all Vegas newbies. It's a must! Literally the best pizza I've ever had. I don't mind the oil..Just dab it with napkins...definitely a cheat meal.",4.0
"If the weather is nice, I'd recommend eating your meal outside. A cute area with tables and chairs. Usually, around 7ish am, a tour bus will pull up and the place gets really packed and pretty loud so we ate breakfast after the bus rush. The menu is easy and the service is good. There's always fresh homemade pies that's VERY tempting but breakfast first. Great coffee!",5.0
"They took my glass of wine when it had more than a sip in it, a good amount of wine was wasted tonight and the service was sub par. The burger was messy and the salad was eh. The burger was also overcooked.",2.0
"Worse service of PF Chang's...staying at the Westin and came here twice or should I say once - food took forever and never showed on second time - first time took forever and had to keep asking waitress to check on it...

This place needs a management attitude overhaul...the hostesses are as non-responsive as the management.  When brought to attention of manager he said ""I have got your food covered"" well that didn't make up for the hour and half of our life we won't get back, need less to say - our food comped when we didn't even get to eat it....

With all the food choices in the Commons go elsewhere!",1.0
"My family today was searching for a place to eat our Christmas lunch that didn't have too long of a wait. In 15 minutes we got a table for 4 and had quite the experience. The inside was bit hectic but the servers brought everything we needed like white rice and tea. We got some duck, a seafood and tofu platter and also a plate of vegetables. The food and service was great even with a full restaurant, so I think it deserves 5 stars.",5.0
"My boyfriend and I went to the farmers market at The District in Henderson and came across Suns Jerky! It was amazing! We sampled a lot of flavors but our favorite ended up being pork jerky Thai style! After looking on Yelp I found her restaurant and was so excited! The place is cute and has an area where someone can play music or sing live! We ordered Mongolian Beef, Pad Thai and Tom Yum Kung soup! All so delicious! So flavorful and we love spicy - and we definitely got SPICY! :) Not to mention great friendly staff. Sun, herself personally takes people's orders and waits tables. She's the sweetest lady ever! We will definitely be returning! Thank you for great food and great service!",5.0
"Chompie's is a busy busy place. A 20-minute wait for table is not unusual. Although it is not my favorite New York deli (outside NYC of course), it is not too far off. Food is generous in portion, and tastes homemade. Everyone can find something they like from the very large menu selections. The baked goods are stacked near the entrance, and you can get old bagels for cheap. The dessert counter has some inviting items, like cannolis, but those are very pricey. Overall, if I want a hearty brunch with friends and don't mind the wait, Chompie's is on my list.",4.0
CHICKEN KNUCKLES aka CHICKEN FINGERS are always burnt or cold. The first week advertised was the only time the order was right. The food always taste like it's sitting underneath a hot lamp. Their buffalo chicken tenders are never prepared the same way whenever you order. No continuity of service. Piss-poor!!!,1.0
"If I could give them zero stars, I would. Few months back, had springs replaced. First quoted a ridiculous amount, like $800. I said no. Then price went down, $500. I still said no. The guy gets on his phone ""calls his boss"" and somehow magically the price drops to $180! He rings the doorbell to tell me this Lol this is after I said no already, went back in my house and closed the door. I knew something was up, but I had the repair done anyways. 

Now, I need a panel replaced due to a crack, and it buckles when the garage closes. A different guy comes out, this time with a buddy. Says I need a whole new door, due to this little crack. Quotes me $1600 for a cheap door. Lol then price goes down to $800 for a cheap door, I still said no. Then he suggests replacing panel and hinges for $500, I still said no. He Also said he would ""talk to his boss"" to see what they could do on price. This reminded me of how it went down last time. Said no and I will look for another company that won't scan me. Stay away from this company!",1.0
"Overdue review. We rarely take our dog to the vets because we have never found one that is compassionate like to one service we had many years, and pets, ago. 
Our dog was extremely hyped yo when entering the facilities based on our last visit to another vet. After only a couple of minutes the calm spirit of the waiting room and the other dogs got her into a good place. First time ever. 
The staff was EXTREMELY friendly, helpful and worked amazingly well with our dog. 
We were in and out in no time with no extra test or unnecessary charges.
I would highly recommend this place for any pet issues.",5.0
Not a fan of this location. Ordered the pork sandwich and the bread was stale. Van Buren location is much better.,2.0
"This place is great! I'm surprised to see so many negative reviews, though if you read them they're pretty lame ie: someone said ""I'm never coming back to this place because there was tomatoes in their carne asada burrito"" what? That's your criteria for 1 star?

Having lived in San Diego, I have high expectations and the only two restaurants in Las Vegas that lived up to this have been this place and El taqueria el buen pastor--the taco truck over by cashman's field. The other places near here:
Alberto's 
Tacos de Tijuana 
Taco y taco 
Are overpriced too greasy and not that good. 

What I like:
-location near our house
-nice workers 
-open whenever we're needing it!
-Decent salsa bar: they have a nice red and my favorite the green. They have cucumbers and pickled carrots. 
1. The bean and cheese burrito for 2.5
2. The breakfast burrito with potatoes bacon and egg for 3.75.

We come here to watch soccer games and get our mex fix on. 

Hasta manana!",5.0
"Dim sum was acceptable but not great. Fried taro was bland. The hat how was fine , too, but not great. Nothing was really warm. The servers were friendly and so were the hosts.  The small beef dumplings were ok but , again, not so tasty.",3.0
"The staff here is friendly with a timely turn around for everything you ask of them.  Make sure to read the fine print when it's about time to move out though.

The maintenance supervisor Preston, works very diligently and pushes the rest of his staff to do the same.  

Location is fantastic for ASU students and young business persons.  On the weekends, it can become a glorified dormitory!!",4.0
"Been craving pizza all week, so we ordered some delivery. Large deluxe pizza, large bread, and a large Greek salad came to just shy of $40 bucks but it fed the two of us for 2 days, haha so I'd say it was completely worth it. Pizza was delicious, the cheesy bread is sooooo good with that garlic butter sauce. Delivery time was reasonable for a Sunday night on a holiday weekend. No complaints. Will have to use these coupons to try some more :)",5.0
"I've been to the great greek several time and the food is always delicious! 
Unfortunately they close wayyy to early!",5.0
Thee best Greek food in the state! The Hummus is to die for. Always very fresh food and an awesome staff!,5.0
"This is an amazing place! Originally we were referred by our insurance to repair. The hearing test pinpointed several things we weren't aware of and actually ordered new aids. The staff is so friendly. I felt completely at ease and they addressed all my husbands concerns.They showed him how to use and adjust the hearing aids and made sure to follow up to ensure he knew how to work them. This is the best place and staff. I am so glad that we have found them as our previous experience was terrible. Go here for personal, hand held, experience.",5.0
"I'll let you in on a secret. For $20, you get to see 4 dolphins in a pool, 2 lions, 1 bengal tiger, a Siberian tiger, 3 leopards, and a black leopard. The Mirage lived up to its name.",1.0
"So, I went down to their office and paid in unrolled coins. The office manager and billing supervisor refused to see me when I got there. You will also notice that nobody from their office would respond to my original post here on YELP as they do not have a leg to stand on. I implore anyone considering going to this place to rethink their decision. Find another place to get ripped off.",1.0
"The must-try sandwich in Pittsburgh with layers of coleslaw (vinegar-based), fries, meat, cheese, mayo, lettuce, and tomatoes between two huge slices of bread.  Yes, that is all on one sandwich.  It feels like a heart attack in a rectangular package but is simultaneously delicious.  I personally love the Angus black steak but the most popular version is definitely the cheesesteak, which I would guess is Pittsburgh's version of the Philly cheesesteak.  I also like the carved turkey breast version as well, which is a good option for a semi-lighter option.  This location is pretty low-key and akin to a bar but ot's usually packed and its prime location in Market Square makes it a popular lunch spot.",4.0
"Okay. A) why would you need to buy alcohol in Vegas? Go to the damn casino.
B) big liquor selection, but not as good as Bevmo. C) Korean favoritism is ridiculous. I mean they sold these kids liquor without even checking ID which is sorta sketchy and seems unsafe. D) Lee has a thick-accent, and is sort of rude when you ask him to locate something for you.

Overall, save your money and drink in the casino (or Bevmo). And tip the paid-to-be friendly/attractive waitresses. Better than dealing with a middle-aged Korean asshole.",1.0
Went with a few people and everyone loved it. I got the chicken parm and it was probably best I've ever had.,5.0
"Ok, since my last review, I've spent a great deal of time there.  Our last dinner was a party of about 18 and the food, service and wine list is out of this world!  We had a private room in the back and the staff took excellent care of us.
Now on to the Martini Bar...my fav placein LV area to go and since I live across the street, its convenient too.  BART is the best bartender and martini shaker in town!!  2 happy hours nightly, 5 to 7 and 9 to 11 with half price martinis and great appetizers.  Highly recommend the poke tacos and seafood tower.  I tried the spinach lobster dip the other night and was not impressed.  Beautiful bar with live music.

Do the hang loose hand signal to Bart and tell him cindy sent you and he will mix you up the best lemon drop you've ever had!  Haha",5.0
"I was really happy I got to try Violette's while I was in Vegas.

I liked a lot about it, although it wasn't the best vegan food I've had.

The ladies working there were really friendly and I loved the decor which had bright pairings and inspirational peaceful messages everywhere. It was more spacious than I thought it would be.

My friend Kenny and I shared a chili which was delicious and I ordered the Hippie Chick burger with potato salad. The potato salad was delicious and the server said they were going to be making their own in house mayo (vs. Just Mayo). The Hippie Burger was pretty good...I liked the beans and sprouts but I'm personally not a huge fan of quinoia.

My friend Kenny ordered the bacon cheeseburger (w/fries) which I actually liked better. It was loaded with yummy cheese and avocado.

If I still lived in Vegas, I would come back to order the smoothies and juices as people were coming in for them and they looked quite good!",4.0
"The best pho I've had in phoenix. Very tasty broth with good noodles. I would have liked more condiments, but no restaurants in Phoenix have enough condiments. 

Eat here. It's great!",5.0
"Was treated like a king when I went into service for a check up and got a very honest answers and they got me out of there quickly. I got a transmission update and a steering check and left satisfied! The whole service crew seemed like really nice people, the guy that helped me is named Josh and he did a great job! I'll definitely be back and recommend Infiniti on Camelback and plus on top of that they gave my car a free wash couldn't be much happier!Service Department rocks!",5.0
"I bought a round trip ticket with US Airways just for them to have me walk across the airport to American Airlines & then for American Airlines to send me back to US Airways desk just for check in. The run arounds literally cost me time & I missed my flight because surely I could not get thru security as fast. They refused to refund my ticket or even put me on the next flight. Instead they offered me a standby option and told me I could be waiting at the airport literally all day because every flight was over booked. In the past I have had run in's with American & was very disappointed to hear American and U.S. Airways have been co joined. I ended up buying an entire new round trip ticket thru Delta to avoid the frustration all together. Please don't expect any type of accommodation or even empathy from the customer service representatives. Customer service is the least of their worry. If your able to do yourself the favor of booking with a reputable airliner such as Delta etc. Save yourself the time, worry & piece of mind.",1.0
"I was getting my first tattoo so I was a tad nervous and my friend was getting hers retouched. There is a minimum of $60 which I thought kinda sucked since I was getting such a small tattoo. I didn't tip which I felt a little bad for but between my own future expenses and the fact I had to pay $60 for something small I no longer feel bad. But the guys are nice, they did a good job.",5.0
"I have been to this branch of Nguyen Huong a few times and, like the rest of the world, am in awe of the cheap prices for banh mi (which is Vietnamese sandwiches). This location is attached to the funky smelling Vietnamese supermarket B&T (which sets them apart, I suppose, from T&T). The prices range from $2.50 to $3.75 and the options are cold cuts, super, chicken, vegetarian (which comes with delicious tofu), lemon grass sausage and more. As is typical of banh mi the sandwiches come with coriander, pickled carrots, their special mayonnaise and, should you consent, hot peppers. The problem with that is that they refuse to spread it evenly and one gets a blob of hot spice all in one shot, in one bite and in one spot. Ouch!
On the plus side, all banh mi are made freshly in front of you. 

As to why Vietnamese sandwiches are so cheap well leave that to the wonders of 'mystery meat' and ask no questions.

I prefer their original downtown location for the simple fact that getting into and out of Vaughan Mills is a drag and a chore. Greedy mall owners stuff their premises with so many buildings and businesses that there is always a long line of cars snaking in and snaking out. It is just not worth going to the malls, which have more traffic than the 401 and less parking space than a Wal-Mart with a new shipment of tacky ladies' animal print pants.

The buns on the banh mi are also fantastic. I understand they have their own bakery in North York.
Take that crappy Subway!",4.0
"Would give this 0 if I could. We ordered 2 dishes, approximately $40. The ""chicken and onion with ginger"" was an entire takeout container filled to the brim with yellow onion and literally about 6  bic lighter sized pieces of chicken in a sauce that could only be described as ""grease and nothing"". The ""beef and vegetables"", you guessed it! A few sad pieces of beef and a mountain of yellow onion with 2 pieces of baby corn and 2 (TWO) pieces of broccoli being the vegetables. Bit livid, I ordered Chinese food not 2 entire containers full of onions.",1.0
"My wife and I had a fantastic Saturday brunch at E2, starting with friendly prompt service with immediate coffee from the hostess.  We had the berry white donuts which were warm, sweet, and delicious, and the chorizo and chickpea gravy over a homemade biscuit, which was savory and incredibly tasty.   The atmosphere is cozy and friendly.  We can not wait to return and try other dishes.",5.0
"I wanted to like this place more than I did. I wanted to love it. The idea of a restaurant serving creative desserts, chocolate martinis and some entrees with chocolate in them was incredibly appealing. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to par.

Don't get me wrong, there are still some good things here. The martinis are excellent. They're pricey, but well worth it for the amount of alcohol they contain. I've had the swedish fish and the creme brulee, and both were great.

The food is so-so. Some things are good, and others need definite improvements.

Apps- I've had the baked brie, chocolate bar foccacia, and the spinach and artichoke dip. The baked brie was the best by far. The fruit chutney served with the brie and toast definitely made the dish. The chocolate bar foccacia was also good, but I was imagining it to be something with chocolate. It was a piece of foccacia stuffed with red peppers, olives and mozzarella. Kind of greasy actually. It was good, but nothing special. Same with the spinach and artichoke dip.

Entrees-I've only ever had one entree here, and it was the chocolate bar pasta. I was so excited to see how they balanced sweet and savory in the dish, and my mouth was watering. Unfortunately, I got none of it. It tasted like a bland cream sauce that was barely sweetened. I had to add a ton of salt to it for it to have any flavor. I've always wanted to try their mac and cheese bar, but the quality of the entrees has me thinking I'll just stick to their apps and drinks.

Desserts-This is where they should shine. They have unique combinations, and you will definitely be indecisive in picking just one. I've had the peanut butter mud, belgian chocolate mousse cake, heath bar torte, and turtle cheesecake. All are good, but be prepared to stop eating after a 1/4 or 1/3. The desserts are pretty heavy and sweet, and you're going to want to pace yourself. 

If you come here, I suggest coming for drinks/apps, or just desserts. Doing all these will definitely be an overload. Skip the entrees entirely.",3.0
Christian is a wonderful massage therapist.  Great personality and healing hands.  I was suffering with plantar fasciitis for over a year and Christian tried something that finally relieved my pain.  Thank you so much!,5.0
"Arcadia Well Woman is the best gynecologist I have ever been to. Every member of the staff goes out of their way to be friendly and make you feel comfortable and welcome. Dr. Mary Frazee is a must-see, she genuinely cares about her patients and really knows what she is doing!",5.0
Thank you to Dale Ann yet again. I am down about 15-20 lbs and she is on top of every special need for my situation. I can not recommend her entire office enough. I will never go anywhere else and I feel bad for anyone who has yet to have the pleasure of coming to this office.,5.0
"I hate giving bad reviews. I know is Vagas and some things cost alot. And alot of people trying to get the same thing can take time. And many people there you might be able to clean the place. But, the employees just act like they don't want to be there. The look on their faces when people ordered. Its hard to put it. Its like I had bad vibes from everyone there. I can tell you they weren't the happy smiling Mc Donalds workers. 
1. Very slow
2. Employees really didn't seem like they wanted to take orders.
3. Very dirty. I think people from the casino cleaned it up before the  Star Bucks employees.
4. I couldn't see Star Bucks aproving this place being a part of their chain. I would think they should send some one out there to check on them.",3.0
Stopped by for dinner.  Ordered the enchiladas.  They were really really spicy for this California girl.  The handmade tortillas are not really hand made.  Service was fast.,2.0
"Every time I visit my home town of Phoenix this is the first place I go. Fast and delicious Mexican food, there is NOTHING like this where I live now.  The shredded beef tacos are awesome!  The beans and rice are always good. I have ordered many things off their menu and have never had anything that didn't make me smile!  I always get a fresh hot tortilla with butter and a dozen of their giant tortillas to take home.  This is one of my favorite places ever, don't ever change Carolina's!",5.0
went here our week and was surpised the shoyu raman broth was awesome . the noodles themselves tasted abit store bought but with the broth being so good cancelsed that out(for me). overall good food..oh yeah also odered the chicken fried rice it was good.next imma try it with teriyaki sauce instead of soy.,4.0
"The old Cosmo's is now an Italian restaurant.  They offer a few express lunch sandwiches along with the regular dinner menu during lunch.  They don't have fresh pasta which is a little disappointing based on some of the prices.  The service was good and the waitress was pretty knowledgeable.  I tried the bolognese with rigatoni and it was not the best, not sure if it was the sauce or just too many noodles.  My friend had the margherita pizza, which was huge, but again it was just ok.  I think I was expecting more for the price....perhaps I'll give them another try at some point.",3.0
"We visited this cozy Italian restaurant on a Saturday night, we had reservations but the place wasn't overly busy that you would have to wait without them. The decor is comforting, and the waitstaff very friendly. Our waitress even stood and talked to us for a while. 

Our party started with arancini's and calamari. The arancini's were good, but could have used more sauce. I personally like my calamari a little on the chewy side, which this was not. However those in my party who did not share my preferences said it was the best calamari that they have had. 

For our entree's we chose chicken parm, chicken Marsala, and a ravioli dish. My chicken Marsala was delicious. The mushrooms were cooked to perfection and my partner was satisfied with his chicken parm although he said it could have used more sauce. 

For dessert I treated myself to a cannoli , and was not disappointed. 

Coming from a town with an Italian restaurant on every corner, I was pleasantly surprised with this Uptown establishment. Only complaint would be the portion size for the price. When dining at an italian place I typically expect to bring half my meal home, whereas these portions came with one piece of chicken per plate. Other than that a great place to dine Uptown before enjoying your night.",4.0
All of the delicious entrees I had tried are now taken off the menu. Very disappointing. I doubt I'll be coming back anytime soon.,2.0
"I really enjoyed Marben. I went on a Tuesday evening with a friend. Very nice decor, a lot of light wood, antiqued decorations mixed in with some modern flair.
I had the John's burger, which was very tasty and my friend got the mushroom risotto which was also very good.",4.0
"I had an awesome meal here. The winter greens salad was large, bitter greens sweetened up with pomegranate seeds and pumpkin seeds with a very bright and delicious dressing. For an entree I had braised veal with sunchoke pure  - delicious, and sunflower seed ""risotto"", a grain free marvel! So good, very flavorful and perfectly prepared. The service was warm and friendly. I walked in without a reservation and was promptly seated at the bar. I'm in Toronto four times a year, and I will definitely be back!",4.0
"Great quick and easy food, here is the place to go.

Let's be clear, this isn't a 5 star, silver service sit down restaurant! It's place to grab either a quick bite or a small snack to eat while your going through the container park!

I've been here quite a few times now at various times of the week and each time I've  had a great experience.

Last time I was here I had a sliders. They came out well presented and cook all the way through. Other Times I've actually had the pork and bean cups which were quite tasty.

The custom service is great with a nice clean sit down area inside and out.",4.0
"Extremely friendly staff! Walked in looking for a evening clutch, two ladies assisted showing numerous options but I didn't see any I liked. Definitely will be back!",4.0
"Delicious crepes and fantastic service. Loved the energy and vibe of the restaurant...although it's difficult not to love anything between crepes. Coffee is above average, but not great.",4.0
"Don't go for karaoke, great food but the karaoke host thinks he is Garth brooks. He is a little man with a big God complex, there is to much karaoke in Las Vegas to put up with such a bad Josh. He will put his friends in before any outsiders, if you are visiting his friends will sing 7 to your 1 song. He used this was a request just to sing and he does line dances so he can sing, it's a karaoke show not a line dance show so you can sing. Since he couldn't get a show in Vagas he thinks he has his own show here. Sorry kids shows don't play this late, get a life and do your job, I suggest gillys food but not karaoke.",1.0
"None better. You can't beat Joe's service anywhere in Arizona. Wish he were open 24/7. Diagnosing, Repairs, Pricing, this guy has it all. Quick, Precise and Reasonable. Move over Angies list and take a break To Fix It. You can't beat Joe's Advanced Automotive. TRY IT YOU'LL LIKE IT.",5.0
"Don't know why there are many complaints. This hotel is clean, modern looking all throughout the casino, as well as the hotel rooms and hallways. Slot machines are great and rewards are of ncie quality compared to Main Street or even Palms whose prizes and rewards are cheap.

Staff is super friendly and as long as you don't mind the loud late night concert music that plays on many nights from the bar downstairs as well as from bands that play at the Fremont Experience just up the walkway, the sleep experience is great! Of course, I sleep like a rock....",4.0
This is a really good clean store.  Great toy selection and the staff knows their products.  They have lubricant for every occasion and we bought everything we needed for a fun weekend in Vegas.,5.0
"Lily S reviewed this place from her recent trip, and I was reminded to review it myself. I was there in march 2006, and I still dream about it. 

UPDATE: I found a stream-of-consciousness blog post I wrote about Tao, so I am pasting it here:

The food- oh, the food! We ate at Tao, the swanky upscale gorgeous GORGEOUS zen styled restaurant in the hotel, where our waiter looked like a cross between Bruce Lee and Richard Gere. Both Gene and I fell in love with him. We sat under a 30' high Buddha who perched on a koi pond, ate delectable food and exquisite drinks. I had a mango something martini, which accompanied the loverly 'Buddha's harmonized vegetables for the minor gods', among other sumptuous dishes. The place is so incredibly beautiful, in that insanely huge budget kind of way. The entry way is lined with bathtub looking pools, filled with rose petals and orchids, with floating candles in them. The walls are lined with Buddhist statues inset in thier own little cubbies, the rooms are divided by floor to 50' ceiling white sheers. Incredible. Not usually does the food match the decor, but in the name of all things holy, it was incredible. Each thing was more delicious than the next, and I don't know how they made the chocolate dessert thing we ate, but it was the most velvety, creamy incredible thing I might have ever eaten.",5.0
"Great atmosphere and amazing food!!!  They lost our order,  but brought us an amazing pancake dessert to compensate.  Attention to detail and presentation  was great.  A must go!",4.0
"I love Dr. Schneider.  He's like that favorite uncle or family friend that you can't wait to see because he is so nice and welcoming.

I have an eye phobia.  I don't like people talking about eyeballs, touching their eyeballs, or getting close to my eyeballs.  So when I have to go to an eye doctor, I have a mild panic attack.  So much so, that for the first three years that I lived in Vegas, I would actually fly back home to San Diego to see my eye doctor there because he knew about my extreme fear.  But that got tiresome and expensive.

After a recommendation from a friend, I found Dr. Schneider.  He made me feel very comfortable because he lets you know exactly what he is doing or what the test is showing at every step of the way.  He explains what is up with your eyes and how the contacts or glasses are going to fix it.  I've learned a lot more about how eyeballs work, and it has actually calmed my phobia a bit because I know why he's doing each test.

Dr. Schneider has a very distinct voice, and once I was in the kitchen while Antiques Roadshow was on in the living room.  I heard his voice on the show, and it was him!  So keep your eyes peeled for Dr. Schneider when old episodes of Antiques Roadshow come on!",5.0
"I love everything Mark McEwan touches and my experience last night at North 44 was no exception. I first came here five years ago to celebrate an anniversary dinner and have wanted to come back ever since. So I figured with all the Winterlicious festivities going on it was a great excuse to pay a visit.

With our reservation booked (2 weeks in advance mind you) the earliest time available for Saturday night was 9pm and I happily accepted. We arrived a bit early for our reservation but the hostess kindly let us go upstairs to the lounge/bar to await our table. When it was ready she escorted us back down and checked our coats.

We were seated near the front window at a corner table along a cozy banquet. White linens and dim lighting plus a table adorned with candle light lent for a romantic atmosphere. The winterlicious / drinks menus were already awaiting us on the table to peruse. The waiter returns to go over the menus with us and takes our drinks order. He asks if we need a few more minutes with the menus however we already know what we want to order.

A warm fresh sliced olive and white bread plus a dish of creamy whipped butter is placed centre table. I love the briny tangy of the olive bread and cruchy crust of the bread.

For drinks I order the
Lip Sitck Martini - Raspberry infused vodka with muddled fresh raspberries and Champagne
Boy o boy was this baby strong thank goodness it was sweet tasting to balance it off but let me tell you I enjoyed it down to the last sip!

Even my date's Mojito was strong as well but balanced nicely with sweet and minty notes. So I can definitely attest that they don't skimp on there shot sizes.

Onto the meal, this is what I ordered from the Winterlicious line up:

Seared Ahi tuna with Japanese pear, cucumber, Yuzu and chili
The tuna had a nice light seared exterior with a smokey grilled flavour to it. The asian flavoured marinade the tuna sat in was a great accompaniment with a slight amount of heat.

Organic Irish salmon with beluga lentils, yogurt, parsley emulsion and crisp pancetta
The salmon was cooked more towards the rare side (which I like) and very juicy and tender. The black lentils  speckled with sweet roasted brussel sprout halves added some texture to the dish as well as the crispy coil of pancetta was a delightful pop of saltiness. 

Chocolate pot de crme - Chocolate and cherry cookie, toffee crunch
Creamy, buttery rich milk chocolate slightly chilled, I was savored every spoonful I wish it was a bottomless dish!

Even though the restaurant was full to capacity we never once felt rushed or ignored. Dishes came out in perfect timing and our waiter always checked on us and made eye contact with us even from across the room to make sure everything was running smoothly. The meals were beautifully presented and artfully balanced with a wonderful array of flavours and textures. North 44 is definitely an encore hit once again in my books!

The restaurant can be easily missed when driving by as the title is written in white on a light grey background so look out for a picture of an airplane which is displayed beneath the North 44 signage and more easily spotted.",5.0
"Not worth the hype I read from several reviews and blogs. Supposed to be one of Vegas' best burgers, but was very disappointed. 

Nothing special about the bun or beef. But fries were greasy and seemed over cooked to the point of being too crunchy.",2.0
A good place to stop for a quick lunch but the food wasn't the best.,3.0
First off my husband and I wanted to go dancing somewhere FUN in Vegas.  We decide to call the front desk and check to see where would be the place for us.  She said THE BANK!  Ok?  So we get there and the place has NO real line.  Everyone is looking around wondering if they are in line or what.   WHICH IS SUPER  SUPER ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!!  NOT COOL!  Then when we get to the FRONT of this no line....line the super cocky guy at the front looks at us like?  WHAT?  He asks us how many in our party.  Before this I see him sending people away if they are groups of guys......=( WHATEVER?  He tells them he is letting in one guy one girl and they just need to get lost.  OK?  So I am thinking my hubby and I are good.  He lets us in after a long wait.  WHATEVER?  I think he thinks his shit don't stink or something?  The dancing was fun but not 30 bucks a person fun.  I felt bad for dragging my husband out who doesn't really love to dance and paying $60 bucks just to get in..........=(  This club isn't worth it at all.  They make you feel like you have to be a group of girls to come in and if you are a group of guys on a Friday or Saturday night you have to pay for a SUPER expensive table or you're not getting in.  GROUP OF GUYS: DO NOT COME HERE  GROUP OF GIRLS:  YOU'RE GOOD COUPLES: NOT A GOOD IDEA,1.0
"Gwen officiated our wedding on 5/14/16 in Scottsdale, Az. We had recently gone to a few weddings the month before our wedding where family & friends had gotten ordained & performed the ceremony...although this was a sweet gesture, it was not professional & did not flow whatsoever. Gwen however was 100% professional & even though she didn't personally know us, she made our ceremony personal & intimate for us and our guests. We got to meet with Gwen a couple months before the wedding so she could get to know us and our story. Throughout our engagement, we emailed frequently to perfect every detail of the ceremony so when the big day arrived, there was an immediate familiarity we shared together. We did a special family vow to my daughter as well. This was so special and truly pulled at everyone's heartstrings! She was worth every dollar and truly made our wedding memorable for my groom and our family.",5.0
"We just moved back to the Burgh after spending 3 years in California.  We always kept track of what was going in the Burgh so this place was on our short list to try when we returned.  Love the changes inside.  We had been to the place when it was Geno's.  We sat at the bar near the end close to the service area which is NEVER a good idea but they were the only seats at the bar.  The draft selection did have local beers so we liked that.  We ordered the mussels and fish and chips.  Both came out barely warm to the touch.  The sauce for the mussels was delicious, however, they should have been steaming when they were brought out.  I was born in New Zealand so I'm pretty picky about my fish and chips which is kinda stupid since it is a pretty simple dish.  I expected the triple fried fries to be amazing but they were barely warm and soggy.  Weird.  The fish.  Ahhhh the fish.  The batter was crazy bland.  The fish was a thick cut and wasn't cooked all the way through.  Now, the only thing that saved this dish was the mushy peas.  I would go back for the mushy peas and that is all.  Well I might go back for a dark and stormy too.  The bartender was very attentive which is always good.

How do you screw up fish and chips?",2.0
"Just visited the mansion last night for a happy hour networking event. Wow. The property was immaculate,  the food was absolutely delicious - big burrito is the exclusive caterer here- (sushi prepared in front of us, appetizers like crabcakes, sliders, and gourmet grilled cheese). Did not stay the night but toured the rooms. Classy and sophisticated meets relaxed and totally Un-stuffy.",5.0
"RUDE, terrible mannerism, very demeaning.
Don't waste your time and money, there are better Dr.'s around town.
I wish I could have rated NO STARS!",1.0
"Incredible. My fiance and I had a reservation for Valentine's Day this year. We arrived and were immediately impressed. The staff was extremely friendly, the waiter greeted us by name, was knowledgeable about the menu and food options and was great at recommendations. Food arrived quickly and the drinks were fabulous. Over general discussion throughout the meal, he found out we were getting married this year.... so, at the end of dinner he brought us out a cheesecake with a very SPECIAL message. It was a wonderful experience all around. The restaurant is beautiful and clean, and the food was delicious. They also sent us home with chocolate covered strawberries as a parting gift. I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in an upscale dinner experience.",5.0
We had never heard of this place until tonight. We met some friends here because we heard of the excellent wine selection. We were pleasantly surprised and totally pleased with our visit. We ordered a couple appetizers and enjoyed them immensely. One of the more notable parts of our experience was the staff. It was obvious that they enjoy working here which says a lot about management and ownership. Next time we come visit we will try the full menu the food looked excellent at the table next to us. After our visit we stroll the shops of 5th Avenue which was an added delight.,5.0
I've been to 5th & Wine a couple times now. It's a nice comfy cozy spot in the heart of downtown Scottsdale. I love their appetizer selection - they have a nice variety to choose from. The burgers are pretty good too. I would say that the best thing about 5th & Wine is their killer happy hour. Most of the appetizers and well drinks are under $5. I would say improvements would be that the service can be a hit or miss.,4.0
"I really like this place.  The food, drinks, and wine are always delicious.  The service is great,  but I can't get over how loud they play the live music on Friday and Saturday nights.  The music itself is fun and provides a great feeling, but don't plan on being able to have a conversation if you're in the main room while they pump it in on a speaker.",3.0
Someone told me to go here years ago an I'm glad I finally did. It's the perfect spot for some wine drinking and snacks. Not to mention the nice live music and cozy atmosphere. Very nice but not over the top so you which makes even more comfortable to relax!,5.0
"Akin to an IKEA-style cafeteria, the Grenadier Cafe is decent for what it is: a clean place to grab a bite when you're in the vicinity of High Park but forgot to pack a sandwich.

Will your hunger be satisfied? You bet. The portions are generous. 

Will you feel like you are having a nice picnic in the park? Unfortunately not because of its proximity to a high-traffic road. 

In terms of food choices, they have a bit of everything. There is the usual breakfast fare: eggs, sausages, omelettes, breakfast sandwiches, pancakes and waffles. Then you also have pizza, steak, pasta, burgers, atlantic salmon, soup and salad to choose from, as well as some options for kids. The variety is astounding, considering the size of their kitchen.

At the end of the day, you can't help but weep at the missed opportunity. For such a beautiful and unique locale, we have the potential for a real wow moment: a Michelin quality restaurant inside a nature setting. Instead I have to be thankful that something is better than nothing.",2.0
"I went to visit this place after reading an article in a local magazine and the various Yelp! Reviews. 

I ordered the Three Meat Combo, Grilled Cheese and (No bean) Chili. 

A note to the wise this is a busy section of The Beaches.  Parking is limited both on Queen St and the nearby side streets.  

All meat I ordered was smoked: 10 wings, 1/3 lbs of beef brisket and 1/3 pulled pork.  The crowd favourite End Bits are not available until after 4:00 pm.  The chilli was decent with moderate heat and good taste.  I would have like some of the corn bread to accompany the chilli. 

The grilled cheese was tasty with cheese, grilled peppers and pulled pork.   However, the price was a bit steep at $11.00

The wings were very good and the server gave me samples of their BBQ sauces.  I liked the following sauces were very tasty with my pulled pork and brisket: Mothers, Black & Blue and Beach.  The peanut sauce was decent but probably better with grilled chicken. 

So why 3 stars.  The brisket had a fair bit of fat making it not worth the price.  The pulled pork was good.  The menu states the owners know how to smoke their meat and BBQ but aren't that much in to running a business.  Sadly there are other places that offer bigger portions at a fairer price while including fries, corn bread and coleslaw with the meal and not making them pricey add-ons.",3.0
"I had to terminate another management company just prior to leaving for a three week trip out of the country while there were tenants ready to sign the lease.  Being an out of town owner,  the timing could not have been worse.  I contacted a number of property management companies but was not quite satisfied for one reason or another.  When I talked to Matt of Five Star Real Estate & Property Management without ever having a face to face meeting, I was impressed.  Matt got to work as soon as we finalized the contract.  He responded promptly to all my emails and kept me posted on the progress.  They got the lease signed and took care of all of the details while I was out of the country.  I am quite satisfied with their performance since they took over a couple of months ago. It's definitely a rewarding and positive experience as an out of state owner.",5.0
"You mean to tell me there's a grocery store open 24 hours that has the best deals on any item and does not require a membership? Look no further than Winco!! Not only are their prices on point but their produce is fresh and their staff is always friendly/ready to help you with finding an item you need. The place is huge so don't be afraid to ask for help!

One of the biggest draws for me is the selection. Nowhere else (not even Walmart) will you find such a selection of foods and flavors. Pumpkin spice Quaker oatmeal? No problem. Shasta soda? Yup. Taco Bell hot sauce/beans? Absolutely.

Keep in mind that this is an employee-owned company and so they do not accept credit cards--only cash and debit cards (just like Costco). Also, be prepared to bag your own groceries.",5.0
"Came here with my half off Groupon and left with enough goodies to ""lather"" my skin to survive another likely wretchedly miserable summer. I love the aromatherapy oil bar. I splurged on some pure Bavarian rose lotion and a roll on applicator of eucalyptus oil for those days I feel the need for an afternoon pick me up of minty stress relieving fragrance or something to drive away an oncoming migraine. 

The prices of the oils are per drop, so depending on your aroma and what method you'd prefer to employ e.g., lotion, body soap, massage oil the overall price will vary. I also came away with the honey moisture mask and sweet almond moisturizer which I'm looking forward to indulging in during bath time or while at the jacuzzi. And next time for refills you can get 10% off if you bring back your own bottles!",4.0
"Excellent overall great 1st experience!  Go here, you will not be disappointed.",5.0
"This is a great lunch spot!

I had the spicy burger and added cheese, and it was very juicy. It's probably the best burger I've had in the area, and there are quite a few choices nearby. The burgers are handmade with a good selection of toppings.

The gelato is made in-house and was very impressive. I had the salted caramel and the mojito, and they were both fantastic.

The service is very friendly and helpful, and the prices are very reasonable.

The restaurant itself is bigger than many along the lunch strip, so there is a decent amount of seating. It couldn't really handle a huge group though.",5.0
"It looks really cool when I stepped into the store. It's not just YARN, but also leather stuffs , trimmings, and some fabrics as well. The quality is pretty good and unique. 

The price: not so cheap though, I bought few skeins of cotton ,it's super soft and the color is great too! 

The staff: I agree with other people's comments on them, they are a bit strange, a bit cool, and not very friendly.  
The 1st time I went to the store , they didn't even look at me, nor introduce anything to me. The 2nd time, I brought my little daughter with me, and they reacted totally different from the 1st experience. 
I should say thanks for my daughter. They actually serve me a lot better and also introduced what kind of yarn is for this /that projects. Pretty good experience though.

HOWEVER, I don't think I will go back again, because I would rather use the money to buy some 'better' brand yarn. :)",3.0
If I could give 0 stars I would. The worst customer service I have ever received. The girl that was working threw her knife down when she misheard me say that I'd like white bread.I think she needs to find a new job or be sent home. HER ATTITUDE SUCKS!!! I've been coming to this port of subs for years and after today I will never return.,1.0
"Your typical nail place- the callus up charge is worth it. A basic pedi is 24 bucks which isn't bad at all. Other reviewers had problems but I think they did a good job and were very friendly. However, many of their nail polishes are old, one of my toes is already starting to crack.",3.0
"As we walked in, we thought the seating area was small but were seated immediately.  But, we found out later, they have two hibachi-style tables and many tatami mat tables as you go further into the restaurant.  Food was okay, nothing special.  Service was unimpressive.  Waiter did not engage, no expression or enthusiasm or suggestions  as we asked about the menu items.  As diners, we did not feel that welcomed. As we paid and as we left, there was nothing said by any of the workers.  I guess they don't really appreciate patronage.  Wouldn't bother coming back.",3.0
"Nmero uno: chocolate caliente  MUY caliente, MUY bien! This restaurant definitely set a new standard for hot chocolate, especially for a cold winters day in Toronto. Using a special Mexican recipe for hot chocolate, I feel as if I'm drinking the perfect blend of a hot drink with melted dark chocolates. The taste is amazing, the sweetness is on point. Will be coming back regularly.",5.0
"The beer selection is one of the best ones in the North Hills, they have a menu with multiple beers from all over the world and are always changing up the draft selection. Wings are big and the sauces are amazing. We order them all the time and even take them to go if we're having company over or a tailgate. I recommend stopping in on a Saturday for all you can eat crab legs, too.",4.0
"Our 4 year old daughter's instructor Mary has been great. She earned her trust quickly and has helped her move from not swimming at all to jumping in and swimming across the pool in only 2 weeks (6 lessons)!  The only reason I gave 4 stars is that it took several weeks to get an instructor assigned. I'd definitely recommend this school, especially Mary.",4.0
"This would have been an incredible surprise except for the recommendation of a co-worker.

I should start out by saying I am a Thai food nut, every since I first went to SE asia in late 80s.

This place was authentic and in the heart of Gastonia. Typical decor and ample seating.

I had a som tum salad for starters. Perfect mix of sweet, sour, salt and spice. The portion was huge!!

I followed that by an incredible fragrant and spicy green curry over jasmin rice with pork. It was wonderful to the nose and palate.

The best thing was the service. I should preface this by saying it was 630 pm on a week night, but I had 3 servers alternating. Incredibly friendly and attentive!!

and did I mention cold Singha beer? All this at prices that are easy on the pocket. Another new fave in the area!",5.0
Always great service when I come here. Great small talk too. Kyle was really helpful today. I suggest you get the Grilled Chicken & Cheddar and an Oreo Shake.,5.0
"Ask for a high floor, the view is amazing. This a beautiful hotel. Wonderful bed, clean very modern. There is a small kitchen in each room but you have to call down to get plates and silverware. ( I get it people steal) what really got me was no coffee maker in the room.  When I called for one, I was told that they ran out.  Come on that is lame. If you're going to pay the prices for this type of room you can go out and get me a coffee maker.  Would I stay her again?  Maybe, I like my coffee.",3.0
"So we checked in and we realized we were getting the wrong room...when you reserve a hospitality suite for six ppl and you end up with two kings..you get an unhappy customer.  Walked back downstairs and asked an awesome concierge and she solved the problem in ten minutes. Thank you!.. sorry for forgetting her name. The correct suite was fabulous!! Awesome view of all the planes flying into lv, 2.5 bathrooms, a huge kitchen, lots of storage, a washer/dryer...I could keep going, but go and enjoy for yourself!!",4.0
"Sighhhh, I wish I can give you a better review. 

I gave you several chances, I informed you about the problems I was having and I even confronted you in person. But, you leave me no choice, this is our goodbye. 

I had a very long list of all the problems I had but lucky you, I accidentally deleted them from my phone =[ So we'll go off of my memory, and pictures to back them up. 

I also don't know who gave you the ok, but you are not even close to being a 5 star hotel. 

1. Biggest complaint = NO WATER?!?! Ok, its Vegas, who doesn't stay out late to club, gamble, drink? I came back to my room around 2am and there was no water to found anywhere. First I wanted to shower, but nope, no water there. So I proceed to brush my teeth and wash my face - again, no water at the sink either. Ok, lets try the kitchen, notta! If the hotel is going to undergo any maintenance, let your guests know!!! I received no warning at the time of check in, no call, nothing. There was water in the toilet bowl! However, I was soon disappointed to find that there was no incoming water to flush that toilet. 

2. Finally, I was so happy to find that water was up and running in the bathroom and the kitchen the next morning. However, midway through my shower - the water turned freezing cold. I couldn't even get all the shampoo out of my hair because I could not take it anymore. I had to finish up in the sink! 

3. The stove doesn't work. What's the point of advertising that all your rooms come with a kitchenette if the main appliance doesn't even work!? 

4. That morning, I spoke with a representative in lobby - told them about the water and stove issue. I was then informed that the hotel was doing some plumbing work and that someone will be up in my room to fix the stove immediately. Again, why didn't anyone warn the guests of this before so they can plan accordingly? That day, I drove up to the grand canyon and did not arrive back at Vdara till 9pm that night. Not only was the stove STILL NOT working, but the room WAS NOT cleaned either....Needless to say, management was no help at all. 

5. Holes in the towels, classy. I'm sure house keeping would notice since all the towels are neatly folded. But I guess it also didn't matter because 2 towels with holes in them ended up in my hotel room. I have pictures for proof! 

6. I was also a little taken aback when I poured myself a glass of water - there were bits of blue paper stuck to the bottom of the cups! 

7. Worse pull out beds in life. I felt like I was directly laying on a bunch of springs, each poking me individually. The venetian is a much older hotel and I'm sure their pull out bed have been around a lot longer than Vdaras, still I found the Venetian ones actually comfortable! 

8. Surprise surprise. You know those people that flick little wallet sized cards at  you on the strip? The cards with naked girls on them? Yeah, well I found 3 of those cards under the pull out bed. How do you expect me to explain that to my younger brother!? 
Yup, that was the last straw, Vdara no more.",1.0
"Awesome hotel:
+ center of the strip / connected to the Bellagio
+ large soaking tub with separate stand-up shower
+ separate seating area from bedroom
+ 2 Tvs
+ kitchenette w/sit down kitchen table & chairs

Carly, from the front desk, is a superstar

2 negs - parking fee (we didn't have a car :) ) & $33 resort fee",5.0
Food was okay but not worth the wait. I tried to go in for my lunch hour and service is slow as can be considering I was only one of two tables in the place.,2.0
"Food and service deteriorating.  Fish Sliders buns were crusty and hard, fish patty was singed and the sauce was a small dollop haphazardly placed on the bun.  Becoming discouraged with this place.",3.0
"This review is long overdue! I thought I had already written it, but apparently in the craziness of finals I forgot. Anyways, onto my review...

After driving back from California a couple months ago, my check engine light came on and my car was shaking like crazy. Upon referral from a friend, and after reading all the Yelp reviews, I decided to bring my car (Honda CRV) into Valley Automotive. Boy was I glad I did! I got an initial estimate from KC and his staff, but after doing some work it ended up that there was more wrong with my car than was initially thought. However, rather than me having to pay for the additional fixes, KC offered to foot the bill! I was shocked, but forever grateful! The thing that sets Valley Automotive apart from most other auto shops is they care about their customers and want to do right by them. As a graduate student with little money, I appreciate the honest business and work that KC and his staff do at Valley Automotive. I happily referred a friend to them so she could get a second opinion after taking her car to another shop. Valley Automotive saved her money and she was equally as impressed with the service she received!

Apparently my car doesn't like the Vegas heat (who does like 115 degree weather?!) and I noticed that it is leaking coolant. I will gladly be taking my car back to Valley Automotive and doing business with KC and his team again!",5.0
"Pretty miserable experience at this place. Went for brunch and the place was about 70% full, definitely not packed and there was no wait. The server came over and took our drink order quickly but that was about the only thing that was quick about the whole experience. We ordered an eggs Benedict with hash browns (extra crispy) and a black and bleu burger (medium rare) that was supposed to have caramelized onions, black peppercorn patty, and Cajun spices.

40 minutes went by and there was still no food. When the food finally arrived, the eggs Benedict was actually cold to the touch and rubbery, the hash browns were close to undercooked and very far from ""extra crispy"", and you can tell the entire plate had been sitting there waiting for a solid 15 minutes at least. The burger was warm but was completely gray on the inside, totally missing the caramelized onions, no black peppercorn, and whatever ""Cajun spices"" that were supposed to be on there seemed to be just salt. Burger was overall way too greasy as well and that's a shame because you could tell it started as quality ground beef, I could've make something better on my own grill and that's pretty sad. Fries were also cold to the touch and generally unimpressive.

If .5 stars was an option I would've chosen that, but I guess the only positive part of the experience is that the server was at least nice. I won't ever be back.",1.0
"We had a wonderful lunch experience here!  The 3 of us were impressed with our meals and surprised at how great everything was.  The JOEY at Yorkdale was a let down the first time I went. In fact, chain restaurants like this usually leave me suspicious.  We were at Eaton's Centre and starving, looking for a place that could cater to all of our cravings.  We came in the door, there was no line: SOLD!

We had mojitos, they were delicious.  I had the lobster grilled cheese with a side salad.  My friends had a chicken sandwich and the BBQ salmon bowl.  We were all pleasantly surprised with the quality of our meals.  Then, I ordered a piece of key lime pie - also excellent and it was a massive piece.  Definitely worth the money.  I will be back again!  

JOEY surprised me -- thank you, JOEY for proving my snobbish view of you completely incorrect.  You delivered!",5.0
"Drive by here everyday and decided id give it a try.  By far the best ive eaten around the burgh.  Flavors blended beautifully and plenty for the money.  Owner really made me feel at home, even in a gas station.  I'm now a regular.....",5.0
"I love Juans!  I have been coming here for about 10 years and the food is definitely authentic!  I have always had great service and most of the time is is pretty quick.  I have found the owner, Juan, to be very friendly.  The salsa is great and I haven't had anything I don't like here.  Their refried beans are fantastic and my favorite is their green chile!

I highly recommend Juans!",4.0
"Entrepreneurial Opportunity. Innovation. Revitalization. Community. Entertainment. Culture. Fun. Family. Noms. Style.

Seriously, the concept is amazeballs. It is inspiring to be amidst the local musicians, families coming together with their children, young/old locals and tourists creating cultural delight, the delicious options of food and beverage... Definitely worth a visit; bring your friends and family. There is such a strong sense of community and growth that one cannot leave without at least a tinge of hope and inspiration for the future of Downtown Las Vegas. Live music throughout the day and night; a variety to please all ears. Slide down the big tree house slides whether you are 3 or 30... It will be great. The Downtown Rangers help greet and direct and it is helpful to those full of intrigue or at a loss. High safety due to the security patrol which is not abrasive, but does make one feel comfortable.",5.0
Just happened to be driving by and stopped to check this place out. I figured since it was Friday I would bring a few treats in for the office to share. The young kid behind the counter was really friendly and helped recommend some stuff to try and a man who I assumed was the chef/owner came out and told me about the items I was selecting also. It was a little pricey but absolutely did not disappoint. The lemon tart was delicious as was the apple turnover and I practically swooned over the cinnamon roll. Cannot wait to come back and am anxious to spread the word about this little gem.,5.0
"I've only been here once so far and I thought it was a decent place.

I wasn't sure what to make of the sizes when I looked at the menu, but the burger I ended up ordering was humongous and probably the largest burger I can remember eating. I thought it was pretty good, although I'm not ready to call it a favorite just yet.",3.0
Really tasty Cuban food at a very reasonable price. Love the beef empanadas and the Cuban sandwich.    Definitely will be back soon.,5.0
"Came here on Friday to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I didn't stay long.  I had an OK time and at the moment, other places really suaded me otherwise.

The place is dark and filled with Asian decor and influence.  It's located in the middle of a Chinatown strip mall with one of my favorite Pho restaurants, Pho Kim Long.  I was baffled as to why there was bouncer, since we were the only reason the place was busy.  There's a bunch of couch seating in the back creating an intimate setting for a small party.  Unfortunately there was no food and I was super hungry :(

The bar was filled with TVs and LOTS of seating.  There was also a DJ there doing Karate Karaoke which helped liven up the crowd.

I had an OK evening.  Unfortunately that might not be enough for me to consider this place in the future.  Chinatown is filled with little jems and I don't really consider this place on that list.  If you're looking for a venue to hold a party and not looking to get an upfront charge to save the space, maybe this place is perfect!",3.0
"This place is very different than most bars in town. It has a bar feel in the front, complete with gaming for those interested in trying their luck. It has couches in both the front and back for those interested in a little more privacy/intimacy. The back area is available for private parties and some nights have DJ's.  The only knock on the place is the lack of food, BUT, there are several restaurants with in walking distance, AND several will deliver to Little Macau! Just ask a bartender for menus or suggestions.",4.0
"We came here for afternoon tea. I've ordered the spam and egg sandwich. The crust of the bread was a bit hard. I had to peel it all off. The hot lemon tea is mediocre. Nothing to write home about.

The service, when you ask them what a Spanish coffee is, they will just tell you order it to try. Again at this price point, I don't expect a lot of service. My brother did say he enjoyed the coffee mixed with milk tea.",3.0
"this place is awesome. went there on valentines night. it's quaint & charming. great service. an extensive greek & italian menu. and no, there was no skimping on portions or flavor just because it's caters to two different types of food. the food is very authentic and very good. i ordered a veal plate with sauteed vegetables. we ordered mussels in garlic/wine sauce and some type of cheese for an appetizer. maybe feta?  the mussels were the best i've ever had and i'm from new england. i've eaten plenty of mussels.  for $10, there must've been atleast 30 mussels on the plate. and this is the appetizer. i';ve ordered mussels at restaurants & sports bars and got about 10  mussels for the same price for about 30 here. and these were by far the best.  the free bread & hummus is excellent. they give you this with every meal. they have italian and greek desserts. the baklava was very good. also had an eclair. this food is not average like olive garden & red lobster. it's well worth going to the arrowhead area. there are also 2 brothers who are new owners. the food is thoughtfully prepared. not rushed and not one duplicate plate after another like other restaurants. the white sauce seafood pizza is outstanding. a good place with good service and good ambiance. the prices are under what they should be. alot of the dinners whether it's chicken, veal, or pasta were all around $11, the most expensive was around $13. and of course, there's cheaper things depending what kind of food you want.",5.0
"The music here is too damn loud. 

Seriously, this is a coffee shop, not a bar. Look at the crowd here -- it's all people doing work buried in laptops. It's impossible to focus when some shitty French indie rock Smiths wannabe bullshit is playing in the background. 

As I write this, the volume went up. Ridiculous.",3.0
"Fantastic service! Great Food!

This is the kind of place where every member of the staff makes it their personal mission to make sure you are well taken care of, it feels more like you are dining among good friends than at a restaurant.  We used a groupon, which gave us $50 to spend on food and alcohol that we only paid $25 for.  We told them this from the start but there was never a hint of reduced service or skimping that you sometimes get when using such a steep discount.

As for the food, well it has been a long time since I left a restaurant and felt ""fully satisfied"".  I had the ribs and my wife had the fish of the day.  My wife had a raspberry martini and we split the oreo cheesecake for dessert.  

The Ribs:  These were perfect!  Both the glaze and the cooking and the pairing with coleslaw and fries.  

The Fish:  Again, perfect, this looked like the kind of dish you could see on a TV show.  My wife left very happy.

The Martini:  I tried it, and it tasted great.  The most impressive part of it however is that about halfway through dinner my wife had half of it still left.  Without prompting our waitress Holly came over and poured the remainder into a fresh chilled martini glass!

The Oreo Cheesecake:  This was a fantastic end to the meal!  A lot of places that serve an ""oreo cheesecake"" basically give you cheesecake with a crushed oreo crust.  This was much better!  The entire cheesecake was crafted to give you that fantastic oreo cream and chocolate with every bite.",5.0
"I've never yelped before and decided with the latest experience I had at Wahoos I had too!!  My good friends LOVE this place and RAVE about everything about Wahoos (they are from Cali).  My friend and I went in the other night to feed our kids and have a cocktail close to home.  Since we had our kids we decided to do them a favor and sit on the patio so we wouldn't disturb the customers inside (keep in mind it was 100 degrees outside too).  The kids had to go to the bathroom once or twice, refill there drinks, they got our order wrong, etc.  All of these required us to go back inside.  We got a very bad attitude from the young hostess and dirty looks, she even TOLD one of my kids to keep the door closed.  Its not our fault when you open your door its stays open.  She could have easily came and closed it or asked in a different way. Seriously the attitude was horrible and then the food came and it was just as bad..  I will say this though, the cheese nachos were good :).  Anyway, I will never return back to this restaurant and don't appreciate the treatment we got, if you have kids and want good food don't waste your time or money going to Wahoos on Horizon!",1.0
Maliah and Janice were so sweet and very talented. I usually go on Friday nights. Follow their instagram and snapchat to occasionally avoid the cover fee!,5.0
"Not a fan.

Kitchen was a MESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.

TVs were blaring with very violent UFC fight on ... not family friendly.

Pizza was swimming in water - I guess they don't drain the vegis before making.

The concept is cool ... this location is not.",2.0
"Food is delicious and actually fresh like they say. Good place to come if you want a chill atmosphere day or night. Staff was attentive and in a good mood. This is a cool place I can come in with friends and watch the football games too, so many TVs and a huge projector screen in the back by the pool table.",5.0
"First time in! Family owned. Paula took our order and answered all of our questions about different menu items. I was so impressed with her sweet customer service & the pricing is greatttt!!!
Definitely my new place for carne asada and right up the street ;)",5.0
"I really don't know what else there is to be said about Binks. It's an incredible casual setting of Binkleys. I love Binkleys and have always went. And now that Binks is closer to my place I go all the time. 

 Incredible place. Calming classic vibe. Clean. The staff is calm wonderful and eclectic. The food is beyond phenomenal. And I love how they have some items on the menu that are different but bc you trust the name Binks you trust that the food combinations will work so you try out the new adventure of food and it comes out wonderful!! It's just great. We went during restaurant week as well, and it was perfect. It's that bite of food that instantly puts a smile on your face.",5.0
I will never come back to this location I ordered a Carne Asada burrito that cost $5.99 and every other piece of meat was a piece of fat.I asked for the meat to be well done they couldn't even do that. I have ordered tacos from here before and they are very greasy with very little meat. This is my third time trying this place and I am so disappointed.  I can't believe that they charge $8.99 for a super nacho-chips some meat and beans I don't think so!,2.0
Went here and was so impressed. Song has some legit ice and flavors!  I got the taro with strawberry toppings and condensed milk.  The employees are super friendly and welcoming!  Go check them out and enjoy a nice snoh on a Hot day,5.0
"the place is nice and clean. the children's hairstylist is really nice and seems to love kids. however, the front desk/ cashier staff needs a lot of improvement.",3.0
"Love the food here but despise the staff. Never friendly, no smiles, no refills, and they give dirty looks. I usually go here after basketball at tark. I enjoy their whole chicken, pan fried noodles, whole sole fish and fried shrimp. They have a discounted menu after 11pm as well. If it wasn't for the tasty food I wouldn't give them my business.",3.0
"We ducked into Thai place while hungrily walking the streets of Shadyside...unfortunately we left the place nearly as hungry as before, only to go home and make our own yummy curry.

We were there pre-dinner rush, thus it was not busy, yet we waited an abnormally long time to order. Good trick, because in the meantime we decided to need an appetizer. Once our server acknowledged us, he seemed rushed and hastily answered our questions; yes, the annoying vegan oriented questions. 

Our spring rolls were airy and flavorless :(.

The main dish, a mango veggie curry was so-so. We ordered it with tofu, but did not get any. The sauce was watery, though did have a nice flavor. The mangoes--ripe and delicious. The portion was tiny! And at $15, I find that to be inexcusable. There was not even enough rice to fill up on. Granted, we were two people sharing one dish, but we usually have no problems, due to the American sized portions we have come to expect. Bottom line is that the value did not match the price. For $7, this would be a three star review.

Our server resolved to be friendly around check time. We were accidentally charged for another table's bill, but we noticed and the problem was fixed, as far as we know.",2.0
"This place was not bad at all! Ordered through Postmates for some midnight meal. Got the white pizza, onion ring and Caesar salad. Pizza came cold, but that's expected since it took 1 hr for delivery through postmates. Warmed it up in the microwave for 30 seconds and it was great. Onion was delicious and managed to stay crispy. Caesar salad was simple, romaine lettuce, Parmesan cheese and standard Caesar dressing. They got it right and it tasted decent.  

I read the other reviews after I already ordered the food. So far so good, no food poisoning yet, so they can keep their 4 stars.",4.0
"The food is a 4- the service bumps it down to a 3.
The waffles are very nice and the servings are big. The fact that they're made with potatoes is a cool touch. Overall worth going but not in my top brunches in T. (still v. good though!)

The problem is that the servers can be very brusque. We were waiting in doors because it was a cold day and there were seats for two available so we weren't taking up any seating but one server kept coming up and making comments even though no one was being harmed by us being there and we'd ordered drinks while we waited for the rest of our staff.

When we sat down we got a table of 4 for 3 people and 2 min after we sat another friend joined. They made a huge fuss how they dont seat until the whole party is there, which makes sense, however there would be absolutely NO difference to the table we'd get between 3 people and 4 people.

It just felt like they were very persnickety which put a damper on the beginning of the meal.",3.0
"Had a great experience today with Century Link customer loyalty professional Gabriela who was at the 20 E. Thomas location here in Phoenix. She assisted me BIG TIME getting me a price for 40MG internet for a year that I could afford. She was gracious, conversational and just plain fun. 
I have been with Century Link, Qwest and Southwestern Bell for 23 years. My family (RIP) started with them in 1976. I have always found that they will work things out for me. 
Keep up the terrific service!!",5.0
Average. Wasn't horrible.  Wasn't great. There are definitely better AYCE sushi places in town. I probably wont be back. Left me underwhelmed but filled my tummy.,3.0
"I ordered a made to measure suit from Divesh and Jonathon (travelling tailor) and have bought from Divesh on several other occasions. The service is spectacular. You feel at ease with Divesh, he listens to what you want, he's got great product knowledge, and he's a lot of fun to work with.",5.0
"Service was great. Went for Sunday Sunday brunch and got mimosas and a bacon egg and cheese. Very tasty. Sat at the bar, our bartender was very attentive",5.0
David fixed our AC twice this summer in a timely and efficient manner both times. He explained the system's issues in a way I could understand. He was easy to work with and our AC was running cold within 24 hours of us calling Platinum. Only cost us the $60 fee. Thank you David!!,5.0
"Willy Wonka has nothing over the amount of sugar Bosa Donuts delivers.  This is a diamond in the ruff, best donuts!",4.0
"OMG!! This place is delicious. Definitely a MUST for those who love Mexican food...legit...Authentic Mexican food!! 

We had tacos here and everything was flavorful. The service was great too. They were busy but patient with us since it's our first time. Seriously, two thumbs up. We'll be back!",5.0
"I've been here twice and it's enough to know that I won't be returning.

I was excited to hear a plant based restaurant had opened up close to work, however I've tried the Thai Crunch Salad and one of the soups and they were both pretty meh. The marinated soy protein is quite boring to eat, especially considering the price. I can't find the soup I had on the online menu but it lacked flavour.

This restaurant does not do plant based cooking justice. I would not recommend.",3.0
"A good pizza place was just what this area needed so was extremely excited when Sanfratello's opened here. Finally stopped by tonight and ordered a thin crust meat lovers pizza. 
The service was great, no complaints there and the place was nice and clean.  I wanted so bad to like the pizza but it tasted bland and rather forgettable. Based on other reviews it sounds like deep dish is the way to go. We will be back to give it another shot and will make a point to try the deep dish.  I really hope when I do that I can edit my review with a higher rating!",3.0
"This place is great! We stopped in on the way to the airport and I'm so glad we did. The server was very friendly, helpful, and attentive. We tried the pork enchiladas, the tamales de elote (off the Salvadoran portion of the menu), and fried yucca with pork (also Salvadoran). Everything was delectable! My boyfriend often leaves the sides of beans and rice unfinished at Mexican restaurants but he polished off every bite this time because even the sides were so good! Much of the menu is naturally gluten-free too, so that was a bonus for me. We don't live in Las Vegas, but if we're ever back, I hope to return to Andale Fresh!",5.0
"Best dentist office! I have been to several dentists before and most I wanted to avoid but not doctor Resnick and his amazing staff. Don't be surprised if you get the phone call from doctor Resnick himself to remind you of your appointment. Some dentists will always find ways of doing unnecessary dental work and use scare technique but this office. They are honest, reasonable, offer Saturday appointments,  friendly and most importantly,  I look forward towards my check ups.",5.0
Kelly made me feel beautiful for my brothers wedding! She is amazing and very professional. She was on time and was fast at responding to emails. I would highly recommend her for your special day or girls night out!,5.0
"Great place for eastern european food, which can be hard to find. Even harder to find is one that does it up as well as this place. I'm ukrainian and I consider finding a place that has good russian/slavic type food a rare treat. This place exceeded my expectations, and at a price cheaper than I was expecting to pay with such nice service and ambiance. The cabbage rolls and chicken kiev were amazing.",5.0
"Glamour nails is a must.  If you are look for great service, reasonable prices and fantastic work. Look no further. Lam's work is impeccable. Thank you for the great service.",5.0
"Probably the slowest service I have seen since the fall of the iron curtain. The line barely moves and ordering is a long complicated process. 

I must say that the food is tasty, but not necessarily worth the wait. 

I would recommend the shredded beef bowl.

I did try it a second time and must say that the service has improved. The best part is that you can basically build your own burrito. 

It is a worthwhile meal for under $10.00.",4.0
"The wait time for the food was way too long- 30 minutes for a bowl of spicy noodles with some veggies. I'm a guest from out of state but this is nothing better than my local Panda joint. They should probably let the customers cook the food cause we could do it faster. 
The food was okay but the portions were a bit big. While I was waiting for the food (+30 min) I noticed a lot of people just ate a few bites and left the food on the table. So much food wasted- there must be a reason for that right?? 
The bathrooms weren't clean, barely had soap no towels and toilet didn't even flush!! 
I hope next time I'm down here that it isn't this bad.",2.0
The remodeled location looks nice. Door guy was friendly as we walked in. The bar had a ton of beers on tap however the service at the bar is horrible! Walked in and sat at the bar with perhaps 10 other customers who were already sitting there. There were 2 bartenders working and we were not even acknowledged for 10 minutes. As a previous bartender I'm a tolerant customer since I know how things can be so I will give a tip to these bartenders...if you have new customers that sit at your bar and you are going to make the service well tickets and/or make the other patrons drinks before you greet the new customers at the bar then at least acknowledge their existence and tell them you will be right with them.,1.0
"I live down the street from Super Jumbo, with several asian buffets in the area - and this is my favorite since it opened.

The food is good and wide ranging  My favorite is the fried plantains and stuffed shrimp. The price is right, the service is good. I normally dont hit any particular buffet more than a few times because I have so many choices in the area as well as Las Vegas. 

Of course, this being a buffet, the food isnt going to be not great after being out in hot trays for awhile, but go before 7pm.

The weak spot in the food are the deserts - except for the fresh fruit, I would avoid it, including the frozen ...""ice cream"".

My way of rating a Vegas buffet is ""will I go back?"". I keep going back. 30 times at last count.",4.0
"Had to kill time in the area. 
It happened to be dinner time and I found myself in front of Pazzia. 

My first impression of the place was that it was really cute ! When we first walked in, there were no other patrons. I was worried, but it would have been too awkward to walk out. Thankfully we decided to stay! Within about 15 minutes of noting the fact that we were the only patrons, more people came in. By the time we left, Pazzia was at full capacity. 

The owner-chefs are your servers as well. They were super friendly.

Prices are very reasonable! We ordered: two appetizers (bruschetta, salad); two bottles of sparking water; two generous portioned entrees (pollo parmigiana, shrimp angel hair pasta); and lattes. All this plus a tip was under $100.

If this place wasn't so far from my house I'd be here everyday.
I really enjoyed my dining experience here and would definitely recommend Pazzia if you're jonesing for Italian and if you're in the area.

FYI - After 6 pm, parking along Loma Road is free.",4.0
"I used superb maids for the cleaning of my rental, which was 2400 Sq feet, when we were moving out. I have to say, that house looked brand new and ready for the next renter. They were completely professional, courteous and did a wonderful job. I was so impressed with their service and Katerina was very helpful and responsive when I needed to change the date and time around last minute. They are VERY reasonably priced.  I highly recommend this company to anyone!!",5.0
"Was looking for new mobile wash guy cause my old one became so flakey. Found this guy. Called, he immediately answered. Told me what time he would be here and then showed up exactly when he said he would. On a Sunday nevertheless. Absolutely pleased with the results of the vehicle. Both cars looked great. I typically feel like I need to do a few things myself after someone cleans my car, I did not feel this way this time. The owner was a pleasant guy to talk to. Made us feel comfortable.. We will be using these guys again.",5.0
"Stopped in prior to house hunting at Coldwell Banker.  Enjoyed a delicious Lox Scramble and blueberry bagel.  The hubs got  the Challah French Toast.  He was not a huge fan, but what does he know (I'm really the FT guru in this house).  I can see this place has the potential to get packed on a weekend morning, but on the plus side, you can buy your baked goods to bring home.  Dine-in service was average. (There's even a deal on Groupon right now)",4.0
"I have been here before, as well as the one in Glendale. It is almost as good as being home, minus the right chew/crunch to the bread. We East coasters know what I mean. But they pull off the rest. Right mix of meats, and always get your Italian  ""Mike's Way"" which is lots of lettuce, olive oil. vinegar, oregano, etc. I always add hot peppers and I am transported back to Main Place subs in Madison, NJ. Do not let them put mayo on your Italian. Just don't.",4.0
"Favor sushi spot. You must have volcano chicken, surfer, las Vegas, Philly, and my favor of all time ""Damn good"" the name says all and for drink mangotinny is pretty good. Advise go on happy hour 3 to 7 or 10 to close you will save your self a lot $$.",4.0
"Today was my second visit to Copper Still. The staff was very friendly both times. Now the food was fantastic. I'll start by saying that I like my burgers medium. Both times the burgers were cooked to perfection. My wife ordered the ""Flux Capacitor"" and loved it. I had the ""Queso Burger"" and if was a fantastic mess! I have also had the ""Sloppy Jose"" which was very good. The wings are pretty good too. The ""Honey Hot"" is a spicy treat, the ""Medium"" was perfect, and my wife loves the ""PB&J"". We also tried the ""Moonshine Mary"" and it was one of the best Bloody Marys I have ever had!",5.0
"They have really done a good job of keeping up with business. You have the ability to check in online before you arrive and see how long the waot is.

I  very pleased with Ryan and Ashleigh as stylist. They both go beyond the normal to help you look good. Thry like their jobs and it shows!

Prices are good ; coupons are available on your receipt for $1.00 after each haircut when you complete a survey.",4.0
"After waiting at the podium for 5 minutes, the hostess finally comes out and greets us. We then tell her we have 6 and one child. Her response was ""sorry, we don't allow children under the age of 6, they're a liability."" This is absolutely absurd. Every person stepping into the building is a liability... I have worked in the hospitality business for approximately 20 years and have never heard of such a thing. Pretty sure it's illegal. After leaving in disgust, we walked around to find out nothing else in the area was open at the time. If I could leave zero stars, I would. After reading many reviews, I'm glad I didn't waste my money. Do yourself a favor, keep walking. You can see the view at the top of the hill.",1.0
Amazing! Quick to get in even with the crowd! I went on opening day as a huge fan from Virginia it was great to have my favorite again!! Fun atmosphere! I am a lesbian and still support Chick Fil A because they are amazing!!!,5.0
"There aren't many hand pulled noodle shops in the city yet, so this place is a nice change. I got the beef brisket with the funny looking triangle noodles. The beef brisket was so tender and delicious. The broth was alright and only slightly spicy despite the big red pepper they had on the menu. The letdown was surprisingly the noodles. It's much chewier than I'm used to, which doesn't work well with big noodles like the one I chose. I'd pick the thinnest noodles available next time because of the chewiness and firmness. The place is tiny so expect to wait or get it as takeout.",4.0
"Seriously this club saved the night!!!! We were in Vegas on a slow Thursday night after Labor Day weekend and the bars/clubs in the Palms were closing at 2am. WTF?? Thank god for Drai's and thank god I heard some nerdy cab driver talking about it. We got there around 3am and the doorman were pretty cool - I talked them to getting me n my man (and three other stragglers we met at the Palms) to getting us in for free. We all got in for free (even the dudes). Drinks were like 15 bucks each, so expensive and not that great, but whatever it's Vegas. The DJ in the Hip Hop room played really good music, and the crowd was fun! We didn't leave til 6am when the club started to empty. I will definitely come back to Drai's next time I'm in Vegas for some after hours dancing :)",4.0
"Been excited for the opening of this Downtown bar for awhile now, and the place lives up to the hype. Let me join the chorus of Velveteen Rabbit lovers and say that this whimsical place, owned by two charming and beautiful sisters who work behind the bar, features excellent craft cocktails and a rotating selection of craft beers, artful yet totally unpretentious decor (mismatched furniture, cracked mirrors, and local artwork on the walls), and of course great music. This is gonna be my new go to place whenever I head Downtown on future Vegas visits. Great stuff!",5.0
"Some of the best sushi I've ever had.  Lou, the sushi chef, is so pleasant and a really great chef.  Their lunch combo, $9.95 for 2 rolls under $6, is what I went with today.  I tried their Green Roll with cucumber, avocado, and asparagus and their Shadyside Roll, which was like a Philly Roll.  I liked the Green Roll better because it had the right ""feel"" for sushi; it was crisp and had a nice snap to it.  The cream cheese just threw off the texture of the Shadyside Roll, but it was still good, I'm just not used to cream cheese in my sushi!

I sat at the sushi bar, so I didn't get to experience the tables or the service there, but Lou was attentive and made sure we were taken care of.  It did seem like they were doing a decent business for lunch.  When I worked in Sewickley, a lot of my co-workers would come here.  It's probably for the best that I waited until after I left Sewickley to experience China Palace, otherwise I'd be here every week.",4.0
"Seriously the most honest genuine people, I wouldn't trust anyone else. I have been going to this place now for three years and the service and honesty never falters.",5.0
"So in terms of a bar, Beauty is pretty average. They have a standard assortment of liq and beer but really nothing special. They have a couple beers on tap, and the standard drinks, and they are all over priced. Expect to play around 10 bucks for a beer/cocktail.

Part of the artsy downtown scene, Beauty Bar attracts the traditional people you would expect in East Fremont.. hipsters. This place is loaded with them, especially on First Fridays. Skinny jeans and thick glasses everywhere. Its not a bad thing, but just remember thats the clientele this place caters too.

My only complaint about this place is that its tiny. Its real small. Its categorized as a dance club but I have no idea how they could free up some space for a dance floor, in fact I have never seen it.

The cool thing about the place is that it does offer a venue for some genuine artists. Everything from spoken word performances, bands, art exhibitions you name it, can be featured here. They def get props for supporting the local art scene. On top of that, they been known to attract some substantial talent like Bloc Party, Ladytron and the B-52's, not bad. The place itself has a cool look: 1950's beauty salon, think Edward Scissorhands. 

But really, if your not here for specific event, I can't imagine wanting to stay here for more than a quick (albeit expensive) drink.",3.0
"I'd give this place a 4 star if it wasn't so expensive. $6 for a matcha latte...I wonder if there is a significant difference between this and the $5 green tea latte at Starbucks...The one at teaopia is definitely less sweet and more bitter, but does it really have all the antioxidants as it claims? Who knows.

What I think teaopia needs to work on, nevertheless, is its marketing. I walked in assuming that this was going to be another type of David's Tea, but it's not really. It has the similar elements of loose tea leaves sitting in cans waiting to be sniffed, but it also serves all types of other drinks, like smoothies, iced drinks, tea and tea lattes, and even *gasp* espresso type drinks. 

The place would be pretty cool if it didnt go above and beyond the Starbucks prices. People complain about paying an arm and a leg for Starbucks drinks...well if you wanna hang out at Teaopia, be prepared to give them your first born.",3.0
"Walked past this new place a couple times before trying it. Had a good opportunity to try it out today for dinner and was not disappointed. It's fast casual Asian food - the classic bowls are enormous, easily enough for two meal (not complaining). You pick a starch, a main dish - I chose beef Szechuan which was delicious,  and a vegetable.

I tried the dumplings which were excellent and these little cheese balls which were tasty too.

You receive a fountain drink with the price of the meal, which is nice.

The service is very friendly, the food is fresh, authentic and bountiful. Great dinner and lunch spot, didn't get to try to breakfast but I've heard it's really good as well.

Certainly with a try when on the south side.",5.0
"We came in with a big party for my daughters birthday, had a reservation, our waiter came by to check on us, his name was Roberto and he was AWESOME.  He took drink orders and did not mind taking food orders for appetizers from some and waiting for others to come in later to get theirs.

The entire evening, he was very attentative and really cared about our well being.  He also had other tables besides ours, and through the entire night his attitude was above reproach.  He was so good at what he did he should be a manager not a server.

I have been to many places and our server here was one of the best I have ever had.  The food was aweseom as well, the portions are way more then one person can eat, so we did a lot of splitting.  At the end of the meal, he made sure the cake we dropped off earlier was ready for us.  When we were all done, he was nice enough to do separate checks for people who wanted them.  I am telling you at not time did his attitude ever change from AWESOME!!  He is a true asset to this company and I made sure he was well compensated for putting up with the crowd we had.",5.0
"Had a bit of a wait for our table, but that's to be expected for a holiday weekend.  This location is just like the location on the west side of town.  Good food, good service, and huge portions.  I never leave disappointed.",5.0
"Dcor is interesting, and they bill themselves as 'farm food with a twist' or something like that.  That translates into 'everything we serve is so freaking big you won't ever finish it, so just get over it'.
 
I ordered the BBBLT with a salad and could only eat the side salad and took the entire monstrosity of a sandwich on the plane ride home.  
Ross got the cheddar, avocado, and hardwood bacon-stuffed burger, with fries.  HUGE and delish and he didn't finish it all.  

Both sandwiches came with a huge steak knife stuck in the middle, guess to keep everything in place during transit.  

Overall, I'd go back - would like to try their breakfast next time.",3.0
"Breakfast food !! Heard about this on the food channel and our hotel (the cal) was so close we decided to walk down and check it out! 

Important stuff- 
- located in the plaza hotel on fremont, this location shouldn't be too busy 
- waited only about 10-15 mins for a party of 7 around 12pm 
- HUGE portions, I would say definitely share !! Unless you're a large hungry man 
- prices: quite reasonable for the size around $10-$12 an entree depending on which 
Service- great, super nice & friendly

We got the avocado bacon scrambled plate ( something along the lines of that) lol and it was huge, it came with a biscuit, a slice of watermelon, a slice of orange, and potatoes. I split this with my sister and it was more than enough for both of us. We asked for no onions and they brought one out for us that did have onions :( but they gladly took it back and fixed our order! Overall the dish was mediocre, nothing to special in my opinion. It might have been because we didn't try their specialties but I was still kind of expecting something super delicious. 

Anyways, overall still good. Might come back to try one of their specialties!",3.0
"Got my fave heels jacked by this guy...
Walked into this store hoping I'll find comfy shoes since my feet are pretty sensitive.  The staff were friendly and cooperative.  I tried on some shoes and bought 2 pair of black wedges.  My friend told me she had one of the same pair of shoes that I had bought and they were really comfortable.  She was right...",4.0
"There is a note at the bottom of each page of their menu that reads""No Substitutions"". They are not kidding at all. That is a deal breaker for me. 

Sorry, won't be returning.",1.0
"Just went yesterday for a prewedding ceremony! It was beautiful! The staff was alright the venue was decorated beautifully and the food was also delicious! There was plenty of room to dance and various activities that made the wedding super enjoyable. 

The boat did not move too quickly and felt like you were just chilling on land. Everything is there from open bar drinks to levels of different food.",4.0
"Great choice for all sorts of events, public, private, or chartered. How amazing is to watch the sunset from the water?",5.0
"The Hubster and I came here for dinner, forever chasing the Neapolitan pizza dragon. The pizza was fine. I had the Abruzzo with no cheese (they have the option for Daiya, but I decided against it). It was okay, but.. stay with me here... too many toppings. I just found it a bit overwhelming. The Hubster had the Diavola, which he greatly enjoyed. 

Service was friendly, and the place was packed on a Saturday evening. 

The place was fine, but nothing really stood out for me.",3.0
"I've been meaning to try this place due to rave reviews from a friend. I do like this restaurant, but I find the food to be mediocre.  I ordered the lunch special: Margherita pizza,  and added mushrooms and cherry tomatoes ($1) for each add on.  I chose the tomato bisque as a side.  I found the pizza to be okay: the pizza was soggy,  and I would have appreciated it to be served a bit warmer than it was.  Great size though,  it was just enough to make me full after having the soup as well. The soup,  on the other hand,  was quite good.  The service was friendly,  and the interior is comfortable and not too noisy. I would come again, just because of the decent pricing and because I live close by.  However,  I will be looking for another pizza restaurant with a more  solid tasting slice.",3.0
"My husband and I went a couple of weeks ago to this restaurant as we had heard from a couple of people that it was a good place to go to. Maybe we just went on a ""bad day"" because it wasn't that great. We went on a Friday evening and the place was nearly empty. Our drinks arrived pretty quick and our order was taken, but I noticed that other people had the ""loaf"" of bread We seriously asked about 4 different waiters where our bread was and they all said the same ""I'll get it for you right now"". They would walk off and 10 minutes later..nothing. Well we never got the bread and when our food finally arrived. It was bland, cold, and dry. We did order a dessert to split and that was actually the only good thing about the experience...",2.0
This place is amazing. Even though it gets really packed the staff is very quick and always seem so happy. I love coming here for sports games. Highly recommend this establishment,5.0
"Came here for dinner after a friends recommendation. We sat at the bar and enjoyed the ambiance.  Pretty cool stuff all over the place like the rooster painting and figurines as well as the framed record covers.  

It wasn't crowded but there was only one waitress and a bartender that was also waiting some tables, so service was a bit slow but they were super friendly and helpful.  

I got the vegan soup that was described as, ""vegetable soup"" and was surprised by the intense cinnamon aroma.  It was a generous serving but wasn't  impressed by the flavor, or lack there of, aside from the overwhelming cinnamon that seemed to blanket all of the actual vegetable flavor.  I doused it in hot sauce in attempt to over ride the cinnamon to no avail. However, the house salad with homemade tomato vinaigrette dressing was great!  And my partner in crime thought the meklenburger and mashed potatoes were tasty!",2.0
"The staffs are friendly and the place is clean and simple. 

Extremely satisfied. Reasonable price for a 4 month old puppy. 

Will definitely be returning. I should have taken a photo of their menu. Lots of other services that they offer most place doesn't (Dog Paw-Lish etc.).

Also, love the fact that they open at 8am. Perfect for me bc I'm such a busy person and would like to get this out of the way first. 

They are fairy new and booking an appointment isn't so bad, but I know they will be super busy later bc of their excellent work.",5.0
"Love this on/gyn! Staff is absolutely amazing, and you never wait in the waiting room for more than 10 minutes. There is only one doctor in this practice. Dr. Kramer is absolutely amazing! I use to go to goodman & partridge and was treated like just a number. I would recommend this practice to anyone and everyone!",5.0
"I'm not sure where the negative reviews are coming from! My visit was excellent from the moment I arrived. The staff was friendly and polite and saw me quickly. They took care of my paperwork in a timely manner and I was seen by the RN only after a short wait.

And RN Flores was fantastic! She asked me lots of questions and explained things that I didn't even realize I needed to know. She was kind and considerate with a dash of humor. I felt very comfortable there and she made my examination quick and painless. I'm really glad I came here and I'll be happy to come back in the future. I urge you to give these ladies a try- they're fantastic!",5.0
"An overpriced bakery in the heart of the Aria hotel, but with top quality food. We came here for breakfast and had the key lime tart and raspberry donut. Both were great, but as I said overpriced. 

I've come to realize that everything is Vegas is overpriced, and this location is no exception. Still, the food is really good and you can sit back and relax while enjoying top notch desserts. Thumbs up despite the pricing here.",4.0
"This is the worse hotel that I ever have seen.
I stayed day/night at Toronto downtown for personal business. I reserved ONE night.but reception put TWO nights in reservation. Hotel was full of hookers and prostitutes at rooms and bars.

I have somebody knocking the door drunk offering sex for money at 12AM.
The night was terrible. I could sleep. 3AM left neighbor room  and 5AM and right neighbor room was super noisy with sound of SEX.

I left the hotel early in the morning next morning.   7AM
while after some weeks I see in my online banking that the hotel charged me for two nights.

The hotel service even didnt help me to take my big luggage to my room.
When I asked for internet they mentioned that I have to pay extra for it.
Every item like water/tea/coffee in the room is not free you will get charged for them

I contact the hotel manager twice. and he/she never call me back.

I dont recommend this hotel at all to anybody.",1.0
"Great place for drinks and food.  Extensive beer collection coupled with a great menu of munches I love the sushi related saplings they have a. Spicy tuna roll that will rock your socks off !  I live the framboise beers sweet and tasty!  Service is focused on the upsale which I really didn't like and left early because of , whatever I know they are busy.  Bar area was swamped and singles mingling for fun and atmosphere.   Location on west side makes it great for the Summerlin crowd.  Remember they have one at town square too!",4.0
"So so bad...the whole experience was bad. The food court is small, noisy and seems kind of dirty. 
The food was...ok? I had the soup and half sandwich which was bread with something inside. The soup was soupose to be clam, but it linda look like sour cream with artificial flavour and had chuncks of something inside, but I'm not sure of what.
The service was polite to a certain point.  They clearly didn't have the patience to let me chose much less to answer my questions. I didn't dare to ask for any especial requests, that's for sure. 
After a $10 or so meal I was still hungry, so that's the size of the portions.
Well you can expect much for a mall food court either way, right?",2.0
Dirty Dirty Dirty place!!  And it stinks.  Torn seats in the booths.  Old and dirty.  Gross!  The blinds by the booths are torn and the dirtiest thing I've ever seen in a restaurant.  Geez...Twilight zone!  I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.  Where are you health department??,2.0
"Friendly atmosphere, prices are fair, food is good. What more could a person want?",4.0
"$20.95 AYCE lunch. This was the shortest amount of time I've ever spent in an AYCE sushi spot... We left without getting nigiri.

Maybe we just came on an off day. The place was almost empty during prime lunch hour. It's located in a weird unsuspecting strip mall, which has a billiards place we used to visit in our dating days. Oh, the memories of our young love! Anyway...

Le sigh. Our rolls, even the hand rolls, were falling apart. The fish tasted a bit off- the salmon wasn't rich and buttery. I asked for a veggie roll, even clarified twice after he asked, and still got a veggie tempura. Everything was covered in sauce, especially eel sauce, even though there was no mention of it in the description. Normally, sushi spots are very good about listing everything in and on the roll. All of the rolls we ordered tasted the same, oddly enough. The Naruto roll was filled with so much imitation crab and so little of the other fillings that were supposed to be in it that I had to force myself to eat it. And right after that is when we left. 

The hostess and waitresses were so sweet though. And our ice teas were also delicious.

Unsatisfactory- this is what I get for cheating on Umiya.",2.0
"While I can't speak for the pizza (yet!), I have had two different pastas and sandwiches, both perfect and delicious. The larger portions of the pastas are LARGE. I am no light eater and that meal put me out like a light - although that may have been partially due to the fact that I was eating pasta :). The philly cheesesteak sandwich was excellent - probably one of the best I've had. 
The store/restaurant itself is very quaint - an Italian style grocery with a small amount of seating. The staff while kept busy is friendly and quick.

Oh, and the lemon bars. Do not leave here without a lemon bar.",5.0
"Out of all the Charlotte local newscasts, this is my least favorite station. I think it maybe has something to do with their colors & how it just makes it seem so old to me. Yeah, maybe it's a little weird, but for some reason their broadcasts always feel like it should have been broadcast in the early 90's. After that, I just try to stay away from their broadcast, considering I could find much better info on several other stations.",2.0
"I have had multiple appointments here and have been pretty satisfied until yesterday when I went in for ""highlights"".  I went in with a friend and we were both assigned a phase II stylist.  We both asked for Jamie G. - awesome and amazing- however she was unavailble - I had Alexis and her trainer (Jessica is her name I believe).  I was very specific about just highlights because I don't have the time to maintain an all-over color and wanted to maintain some of my own roots/hair to blend.  I even questioned what she was doing during treatment - making sure she know I had never had that done when I came in for just highlights before..... When I walked out of the wash room my friend didn't even recognize me saying how ""light"" my hair was - at my first sight in the mirror I think I was in shock...there was nothing left of my original hair/roots - they said they did highlights with low lights...whatever that means - Worse - they kept telling me it ""looked great""...it is CLEARLY not what I asked for and I have been in hiding since I left there - my son says I look like an old lady trying to be young, others have said it looks like an old lady with a platinum Christina Aguilera look... needless to say - I have worn a hat everywhere.  The earliest they could schedule me to fix it will be a week!  (it will be a very long and embarrassing week!  Not sure how I could have been any more specific with what I wanted but definitely know that once this mistake is fixed I won't likely get highlights there again.... just cut and style - seems they are great at that!",1.0
I love Gorgeous Lash Lounge! Their chairs are super comfortable. They give you a cozy blanket to cover you up with and the environment is very relaxing. They do a great job and their prices are reasonable. Lenny is my artist and she is amazing! So friendly as well.,5.0
"Nothing exciting about this club.  Soup, hummus and some vegetables to dip is our food choices.  Nice I got a free drink as they normally charge for alcohol.  Lots of hard chairs to sit but could use more soft chairs",3.0
"Good comfort food choices! From what I have tried, I have liked it. Price wise there food is okay, but beware if you use plastic to pay there is an additional charge!",3.0
"This is one of the best consignment stores around Phoenix! There are many  unique items including antiques, fine art, jewlery, home furnishings and furniture. Everything in this store is a little piece of eye candy! PLUS, they have items ranging from $3 and up! Something for everyone, I love this place.",5.0
"I came here on Good Friday for brunch it wasn't packed or anything. We were seated almost immediately. 

I ordered the classic eggs Benny and the eggs were poached to perfection. The hollandaise sauce however I found it to be a little bit too salty but I liked the thick texture. I wished they would service it with fruits tho. 

Overall, it was an average experience but I will revisit this chain again. This place is more pleasant than Fran's. The atmosphere is more relaxing whereas I felt the environment at Fran's to be really chaotic and less privacy between tables.",3.0
"What a great water park for kids!  They have water slides, swimming areas, a lazy river, a giant bucket that tips over when it gets full, misting areas, and plenty of shaded areas with tables and chairs.  The Changing rooms as with the rest of the park are well kept and clean too.  As for safety, lifeguards are positioned all over just in case.  The craziest thing about this place is how cheap it is to get in!  Thank you so much to the city of Chandler.  Why can't my home city of Surprise put even half the effort as Chandler has into public parks like this?  I'm jealous!, and certainly will be back while the temps stay warm.",5.0
Seriously maybe not the quality your looking for but they honestly have everything I need when I go in. It's like a mini wallmart! Cheap cheap movie rentals!!,4.0
The service was outstanding and the quality of the food matched it.  I tried all new food that I never had and it was excellent worth the price,5.0
Great little hidden place...friendly staff...great food! Diane (waitress) takes the cake though...she's hysterically awesome!!!,5.0
"At one time, this casino held the world record for number of rooms. That was long ago an has been greatly surpassed in last few decades. It has a great location on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd & Tropicana Avenue. Stopping through on a popular weekend meant we were paying a fairly high price for a room...same room you can get during off season and midweek for just a couple Andrew Jacksons! BEWARE of previously unmentioned fees!...like a ""resort fee"". Hello, what exactly is that $29 for anyways?...it doesn't say ""resort"" in the title. Overall, the hotel/casino is nice...it is attached to the Luxor via a air conditioned tunnel/archway...which is also connected to the Mandalay Bay Casino. There is a free tram that goes between the 3 of these casinos. I've stayed here before and wouldn't object to staying here again in the future....as long as the price is less than $100/nt on weekends.",3.0
"Really the only good thing was the view, because I did an upgrade. Other than that, parking there is horrible, the hallways and elevator smell like musk and crap, which were also lined with the same used drinks for the 2 days we were there. Instead of looking for my room number, I looked for the half empty vodka cranberry in front of it. Oh, and the old dirty sheets (with blood) were just laying in the room from the maids when we first arrived. Never Again!!!",2.0
"Older hotel.  Casino smells like a combo of cig smoke, body odor, and bad beer.  Jut a walk through will make you want a shower.  Rooms were clean and comfortable.  We stayed here for one night passing through because we were doing their Tournament of Kings show.  Stay somewhere nicer, but do watch the show!!!  Very fun for the whole family.",2.0
"Being a woman and a senior on a very limited budget seems to work against me when repairs are needed on my vehicle. Because of past experiences, I asked my son to take my 2004 Dodge Durango in to the dealership. He is very mechanically savvy and knows my vehicle well since I am the original owner.  My SUV was taken in for full diagnostic at a cost of $150.00 to confirm a problem that another mechanic had diagnosed. Came back with confirmation with an estimate of $1300. I had two other estimates for the same work at $600 and $800; both were reputable independent shops. My son and I agreed that the extra $500 (at least) would be worth the assurance the repair would be made correctly. Imagine our surprise when my son and I went to pick up the vehicle yesterday... paid the $1324 due and went to our separate vehicles being totally confident SUV was reliable... Pulled out of the parking lot and drove less than 1/2 block when the check engine light popped on! Exactly the reason for paying the $150 for diagnostic to be run in the first place! What happened next is what sent my blood pressure soaring! The service advisor was extremely rude... And started spewing half truths.... Fortunately, my son was there and could respond politely but accurately. I shudder to think how I would have responded had I been alone. Apparently the work was done but no one did a test drive... Really??? Right now the vehicle is still at the dealership. Another day without transportation. Should anyone really have to encounter this attitude when a lot of money has been spent? It seems they know you're at their mercy... For a senior with limited funds, I am totally stressed by this surprise. I am hoping it will end well and will update with the final outcome. Bottom line, it's good to know they don't discriminate bad attitudes against just little old ladies...",1.0
I came here today to get my Ferragamo watch polished and have a new battery replaced. Joanne helped me out and she was great. She even took the time to educate me on what the process entailed. I am more than pleased with the final result. My watch looks brand new! Plus I have a lifetime warranty on the battery. I would highly recommend this place for watch batteries and polishing. Plus it only took 3 hours for the entire process! Check in on yelp to receive a10% off coupon!,5.0
Terrible customer service. Spent $45.00 for a battery replacement. Asked them to put wedding band on sizer to restore roundness to band. They wanted to charge for something that would take a minute to do at the most. Will never go there again. Go anywhere else!,1.0
Carlee and Kathy are friendly and helpful they always answer my questions help me with solutions when issues arise. Great company they do excellent work we use this company for all of our doors.  I recommend them to everyone I know,5.0
I had my wedding reception here and also attended a Las Vegas Valley Book Festival here.  The staff was very friendly and the room rental rate was very reasonable.  It is a very beautiful property and perfect for the bride who doesn't want a typical casino or golf course wedding.,5.0
Great food. Similar to Chipotle in that you can create your own. Guac was also great and they have the Coca Cola soda machine where you can create your own flavors.,4.0
"Excellent food and service. Awesome energy. 
Thank you for feeding us! We will be back!",5.0
I've been here twice and both times have had excellent food and service.  It gets very busy on the weekends even in the afternoon. If you don't mind sitting up at the counter you can usually be seated quicker.  They have a HUGE menu of everything breakfast.  I tried the Cajun prime rib Bennie and couldn't have been happier.  It features scrambled eggs and sauted mushrooms on top of buttered garlic toast with shaved prime rib and topped with a Cajun hollandaise sauce.  Phenomenal!  Our waiter suggested getting the eggs poached which is the traditional style of eggs Benedict.  It was perfect.  The hashbrowns were cut thick and buttered and had that crisp layer on top I love.  Our coffee never got below half full before our waiter was around to refill it. They were slammed but we got our food quickly.  This is the way you do breakfast. Thank you Sunrise Cafe!,5.0
"Great unique food, amazing service and clean and cute!!  Waitress was friendly and very helpful and gave recommendations.  I had the Cajun eggs Benedict and it was delicious, even the potatoes were flavorful....all of our food was cooked perfect and served hot and delicious!!!  The coffee was better than Starbucks!",5.0
"Friday night Memorial Weekend. We arrived around 645p. The wait was only 5 mins. The staff were all shocked how slow it was. It's usually an hour wait or longer. Hostesses were very friendly. Salads, ban chan & all the fixings already at the table when you sit down. 

Server promptly greets us and ask for our order. We ordered the small beef combo for 2. It's $54.99. It was more than enough food. We had leftovers. 

The servers were all very attentive and friendly. They prefer to do the cooking for you. Each time I tried to cook they're right there taking tongs from me. They are very polite about it. Saying let me take care of that for you. They cook the meats to perfection, how you like it. 

By far the best  Korean BBQ we've eaten at so far. It's a little pricey but the quality and service calls for it. 

Ambience, decor, service, quality of food all A+!",5.0
I walked in without an appointment and they were happy to fit me in. I got a pedicure and they did a great job! I was very happy with my experience.,5.0
"Keegan's? More like Barf-gins. 

The food: Low quality. Our wings came out completely charred, Brussels sprouts were slimy and gross, shrimp tacos were overly salted. Chicken came out in a side dish with blue liquid on the bottom (chicken and detergent?)

The service: Our waitress, Teresa, slammed our food down on the table and never came back to check in and see how things were. Our order was wrong. Teresa also didn't bother to acknowledge the fact that we literally barely touched half of what we ordered when she dropped the check and ran off.",1.0
"This was a great experience, we enjoyed the food and the service. This place is a must for the flavor and for the environment. 
I recommend the snow crab legs and the mussels.",5.0
Great donuts!  Just don't go there an hour before they close because they don't have anything left.  At least keep it semi-stocked before you close.,3.0
"Great sub. We got it catered at our commercial shoot yesterday and I was blown away by the flavors. Soft and chewy bread with a nice helping of meats, veggies and cheese. Added some olive oil and vinegar and lunch was all set once I added in some Wavy hickory BBQ Lays.

Also they have amazing pickles. 

Nice portions!",4.0
"As a group sales manager from a neighboring hotel property who would often refer my guest to what I would describe as hidden Las Vegas gem, I am disgusted by the way I was treated by the manager Marie. She was rude and not customer service oriented when I had brought visiting family members in for dinner this evening. After spending a hefty bill bringing in a party of 8. To start one meal was about 20 min late to the table after everyone else had received their entree. Which was fine when the waitress returned several times and insisted the meal would be right out. At the conclusion of dinner the bill was presented at a certain amount. When at the cash registered the total amount then jumped significantly. They explained the late meal was never added to the check and that was the increase in price (indicating the meal was never sent to the kitchen, if that was the case the server should have honestly communicated and we would have canceled the meal.) nonetheless Marie the manager was a total bitch and insisted we pay which we did. With the way we were treated management at the Peppermill can count on never getting another referral from myself of my staff in the future! #somuchforalasvegasgem 
#managmentneedstraining 
#peppermilllasvegasnotcustomeroriented 
#nickelanddimeyou
#badboss
#badbusiness",1.0
One of my favorite diner style restaurants in Vegas. Been there dozens of times and never disappoints. The only thing that annoys me are the photographers trying to take your picture for $25.,4.0
"One of my favorite photos is of a group of my very closest friends wearing wigs and sharing cauldron of alcohol at a booth in the Fireside Lounge. It was the night before my wedding. Our props were impressive--a set of hillbilly teeth fabricated by my friend's orthodontic stepdad, bolas, dreds and curly blond wigs. These luxurious party materials, and the classic Vegas setting of Fireside lounge, set the stage for a full evening of bacchanalia that (we thought) would leave us too tired to party like rock stars the following evening for the main event. If anything, it fueled the fire.

I go to Fireside lounge to enjoy its big red booths and to sit and mingle. Many a fun nights start or finish at this strip location. The free nuts can partially undo a spontaneous alcohol binge. 

Unfortunately Fireside installed TVs in all the booths a few years ago, which diminishes its classic and intimate appeal. Why turn the fireside lounge into a showcase for music videos? That's why I can't give it five stars. 

Still, Fireside is a must-see Vegas attraction.",4.0
"Not a bad store. It is rather small and cramped and I found things not always labeled so you had to rummage through racks and find tags to see what items were as some things will typically look the same but are quite different.

I found most of what I needed aside from a multi-tool that had both a Phillips and a Flathead screwdriver. This was coughed up to it being Halloween which is their busiest time. Not sure who is buying a specific multi-tool just for Halloween, but okay.

The owners were very nice and helped me find most of what I needed after browsing for awhile. Hell, they even had WileyX sunglasses as they became a distributor recently so I snatched a pair of those up too.

Overall it wasn't terribly bad. It worked. Not sure there is another place to go to buy military surplus items. Oh and call before you head there on a Sunday. They aren't always open.",3.0
"In the middle of making a life changing commitment, i felt an overwhelming need for balance, focus, reassurances, and peace with myself. Anita recommended i try Reiki. Having never had a Reiki session before i was unsure what to expect.  Anita was very informative in explaining and making me feel comfortable and at ease in stepping into the unknown. From the moment our session started i was very comfortable and felt an overwhelming peace and tranquility that made me feel very relaxed.  I left the session satisfied with my outcome and feeling more relaxed and peaceful than i had in days.  I would highly recommend Anita for any type of massage  but especially if you are new to energy work she is very attentive to your needs and her attention to detail and quality of care make Anita an exceptional therapist you wouldn't want to miss out on.",5.0
"Quite a scrumptious place to grab a gourmet crafted sandwich. affordable food and friendly environment, also a quite place to simply relax and have a bite!  The staff is really friendly and the greet you in the way in and they say farewells as you leave, is just a nice nice place to grab a sandwich, also they offer all kinds of freshly, same day made bread! Try out a sample of their bread variety,  I guarantee you'll enjoy this place",5.0
"Ive been here since probably since the week they opened and i love it. The drinks are pretty good but what i like best about it is their service! Tasty sandwiches and macaroons they're even pet friendly! This place is a great chill hang out, perfect for studying or movie watching!",5.0
"I used to come here all the time when I lived in the area. I have to say I was extremely disappointed with how things turned out. While my drink was good, the one thing I looked most forward to got messed up two times in a row. I also had to drive 30 minutes to get here and the price change took me by surprise $11 for a muffin and drink seem a little much for me.",3.0
Very good food. Waiter checked gluten for us. Very happy.  ,5.0
"I'll keep this very simple and short:

Food: had stacked salad, chicken skins, cheese balls, the beef entree and the fried chicken entree. Not impressed with any of it. Mostly soggy, bland and too much corn bread. Beef was entirely a wad of fat. Menu looks good on paper but the execution needs work. Expected more from the Crudo gang.

Drinks: mediocre and inconsistent. Had several signature drinks and they were...well..meh. They are trying hard but just misses the mark.

Staff/Service: one word: OUTSTANDING.

Summary: The Phoenix culinary and cocktail scene has produced some outstanding establishments which has now raised the bar for the newcomers. Okra needs to step it up to join the ranks of the truly 5 star worthy establishments.",3.0
"Located in Summerhill this is a great upscale bar without the feeling of being upscale.  Loud and boisterous it is not, but fun and a charming atmosphere it is. 

It's small but that lends to its charm.  We sat at the bar and had a great time.  The cocktail list is impressive and unique (Beet the Devil is worth a try).

Half priced weekdays from 6-8pm!  Seriously what more can you ask for?  I will definitely be visiting quite a lot more since it avoids me having to drive all the way downtown 

The bartender/staff are really friendly- ask questions and they will help with suggestions on drinks you might like!",4.0
"This is just a service review. 3.5 stars is probably more accurate.

If you have a lot of time for a car service, Larry Miller is a good stop.  

I came in Monday morning 10am and there was a 2 hour wait.  I was immediately helped by a representative who took down my information on a handheld tablet computer.  Requesting the service was quick and efficient.

I just road tripped 700 miles, and my car looked like a bug trap.  The rep was kind enough to offer a quick rinse over my car.  

Although there was a long wait, the store offers free food and a shuttle service.  The food was just coffee and pastries (I admit the poundcake was pretty good), while the shuttle service will take you anywhere close.  I had a cool friendly driver who took me to the local Dessert Sky Mall.  I had a long wait, but the mall trip made it a lot better.

Stop by if you need your car maintained and are within 15 mile radius.",3.0
"A friend of mine and I were talking about this place the other night and it reminded me that I had been wanting to go for quite some time.  My husband and children LOVE pizza, for the most part I'm just meh about it.  I like weird pizzas, or pizzas with a lot of toppings, because as Rocco DiSpirito said in an episode of ""Best Thing I Ever Ate"" (and I'm paraphrasing here) cheese pizza is a tough thing to master, the dough, the sauce, and the cheese have to be tip top the best, have to work together, or it bombs.  If one part is off, the whole thing is shit.

Anyway, back to Naked Pizza.  I try to eat pretty healthy, I do veer off track sometimes, but I try to avoid high fructose corn syrup, hydrogenated oils, all that loveliness that the food industry is trying to tell you is good for you (but isn't!)  My oldest child and I both have asthma, so we have to watch for nitrates and MSG in foods because it can aggravate it (if you have asthma and aren't watching for these things, cut them out and see how your condition improves for the most part!)  The sauce has no HFCS, the crust has no hydrogenated oils, and their meats are nitrate free.  Oh happy day!

I ordered a 12"" pepperoni pizza for the kiddos and a 10"" superbiotic for myself, with cheesy breadstixx with basil.  There were 2 kinds of Jones soda and Sweet Leaf brand sweet tea for grabs to drink, so I got 3 bottles of sweet tea and called it good.  It was $27 for the pizzas and breadsticks, with an additional $6 for the drinks.  I'm not against this price because a) I would easily spend this at other pizza places (I don't do Papa John's, Pizza Hut, or Domino's) and b) good food costs money.  They offer a military discount, which is lovely, and if you let them know it's your first time there they'll give you a 50% off coupon for your next visit.  I think this is pretty fantastic!

The food took time to cook, which was nice.  The people working there were friendly and chatted freely amongst themselves and with me while I waited.  I asked questions about the food and they answered them.  They let me know the meats were nitrate free, the crust has a low glycemic index (AMAZING!  You hear that diabetics?  You can have this pizza and not have to worry about blood sugar spikes!), and they use separate cutting utensils for the meat pizzas, vegetarian pizzas, and gluten free pizzas (low risk of cross contamination AND vegetarians don't have to worry about bacon grease on their pizza!)  I mean, they're making a food I felt guilty eating seem less bad, it's almost to the point where I can say, ""Hey, I'm doing something GOOD for me because I'm eating this pizza!""

The pizza came and my kids rejoiced.  The pepperoni on the pizza was so teeny it was cute.  My kids called them baby pepperoni, but make no mistake, they didn't skimp on them!  There was glorious pools of tastiness in the curled up pepperoni that made me envy the metabolism of the young, but that didn't stop me from snagging a slice to try, for thoroughness of my review, of course!

The cheesy breadstixx were glorious!  There was SO MUCH CHEESE on it, and the basil was so tasty.  I wasn't crazy about the dipping sauce, but my kids loved it to dip their crust in (they usually don't eat pizza crust, so score one for Naked Pizza!) 

The Superbiotic pizza is like the veggie special at most pizza places, with the added awesomeness of artichokes, spinach, and garlic.  There wasn't a ton of cheese on it, suffocating the veggie goodness, and those bites of artichoke hearts were fantastic.  You could taste the veggies, they weren't smothered in cheese.  Some may view this as a con, but it's a pro in my book.  Being able to taste the garlic in a pizza is important to me, I LOVE garlic, and I hate when something says there's garlic in it but you can't taste it.  Such a letdown!  The garlic shown through and was noticeable, but not overpowering.

The pepperoni pizza was solid.  It wasn't completely covered in pepperoni like some places (I'm looking at you Papa John's, gross!), hiding their sauce's inadequacies behind pork fat (which in it's defense does cover up many indiscretions in cooking.)  The spices in the sauce are noticeable, the cheese isn't overpowering, and the pepperoni is slightly spicy and delicious.  The edges curled up and got crispy, which I love.

I would definitely recommend Naked Pizza to friends and family.  I really enjoyed the pizza, the employees were helpful and friendly, and it wasn't too expensive, in my opinion.  I can't think of any reason to take a star away.",5.0
"I literally live right around the corner and have been watching this like a hawk waiting to open!  We went around 5:30 on a Saturday night and got seated right away.  We definitely beat the rush as it got really busy after that.
First impressions of the restaurant itself are ...it's a cute, casual place, I think because of the menu and bar I was expecting a bit nicer place but it's ok, we like our casual spots too.
Service was good, especially considering how busy it was, but several of the servers (not ours) seemed very grumpy with their customers.
All the dishes we ordered were good.  The Eggplant Sorrentina was out of this world and it will be hard for me to order anything else off the menu because it was so tasty.  The menu is quite extensive.  Prices are pretty reasonable.  Garlic bread was just ok.
I think the worst offense was the side salad.  When we asked how much it was to add a dinner salad our server told us $2, so when they arrived we were happy with them.  But actually we were charged $4 each and it is not worth it. I really miss the days when the salad was included as part of the meal.  When you're paying $13+ for a big plate of pasta, $4 is absolutely ridiculous for a tiny dinner salad.
But the flavors are great so we will be returning!  Can't wait to see what else they have to offer...just stay away from the side salad unless you like throwing money away.",4.0
"AH-MAAAAA-ZIIING! Came here for my anniversary. I never thought I would ever be lucky enough to see Sir Elton live but a sneaky Bee sure did surprise me.

1. Ticket stub states 7:30 pm. Arrived at 6:45. No cameras. Drinks are around $11 a piece. Worth it as I was hammer-jacked after the second one. By the third I was beyond loadie odie ode and having the time of my life waiting for the lights to go down.

2. Elton and musicians walked out on stage at 7:40 pm. Really? I've never been to a show where it actually starts within a 15 minute window.

3. Nosebleed section and after reading some of the reviews realized that Sir Elton stuck to protocol with opening song (Bennie & The Jets) and banter type jokes.

4. Played for two hours and belted out all the hits:
Bennie
Rocket Man
Someone saved my life tonight
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road
Saturday Night
I Guess that's why they call it blues
I'm still standing (I wish he would have played Mona Lisa instead of this)
Tiny Dancer
Daniel
The Bitch is back
Pinball Wizard
Candle in the wind
Your Song

and more and not necessarily in that order. 

5. The videos were ok. I loved seeing guest appearances by peeps you will recognize.

There was maybe two songs I didn't recognize.

The best part was the large guy in the gray shirt in the very front row who was having more fun than drunk ol' me. And when Elton invited the first couple of rows on stage to dance around the piano, the gray shirted guy looked like he was about to die. Awesome!",5.0
"I started coming here last year and have always had a positive experience. The staff is friendly and accommodating and the work is always clean and as painless as it can be. Lol I always try to see Jennifer, she does an amazing job and is super friendly. Love this place!!",5.0
"One of my favorite places in the east valley. I always get the bruschetta, it is to die for. Can't say enough about it.  I also like the crme brulee and the chocolate bouchon. Yum! 

However, I almost gave it a 4 star, because I asked the waiter what their twitter handle was and he said he didn't know what twitter was. Really? Trying so hard to be too cool for school.

But the ambiance and food made up for it.",5.0
"A huge disappointment. I have been to almost every venue in Vegas and this one is too large, kids can not even bring in sealed bottled water. Parking is too expensive, especially when the tickets at this arena are already very pricey, parking is 20 at the neighboring garage and sometimes 10 or 12 in advance. I saw people sitting behind the performance stage, which makes no sense at all. Canned beer is $12 and cocktails $18, very pricey. Bottled water is $8 which is just higher than average. There are enough concession stands and they have guys walk the arena selling beer and water. Restrooms were very clean and they certainly had enough people working the door. And make sure that you look at a seating chart before purchasing tixs, They have seats up to the ceiling like Thomas and Mack. I will not be back to T mobile arena unless I desperately have to see a performance.",2.0
So I normally do my research before booking a massage but I was stuck in a tire shop with a 90 min time frame until my car was ready so I decided to find a deep tissue massage nearby. My phone connection was bad so I called instead of skimming through the business website. Brent was able to book me an hour appointment 30 mins later. This was just what i needed. Best message ever. I wish he didn't have an appointment after cos I would've extended my time. This guy is a keeper. If you're looking for strong and skilled bodywork he's your man!,5.0
"Henderson Nissan is located in Henderson on Auto Show Drive right off of the expressway. They have a large inventory of vehicles and they have a great sales staff.

I bought my 2012 Nissan Maxima from here and I paid way too much for the vehicle, but at least I like the dealership and the staff...lol. I am very happy with the vehicle. I have not had any major issues with the vehicle and it drives very well.

This place has an excellent service center. I still drive all the way here from Summerlin for service and oil changes just because of the quality of the service you receive as opposed to Auto Nation Nissan on W Sahara, which is much closer to my house.

I would definitely recommend coming here for service or to purchase a vehicle.",4.0
"DISCLAIMER - This place has 4 star potential but they are having some serious service issues, probably because they have just opened.

Considering they opened last week, they did a good job at rounding up customers. It was a full house tonight. I was surprised. The price point of this sushi joint is moderate and I wasn't sure what the Annex would really think of a slightly more upscale sushi joint.

The main problem was that our order came out staggered and took nearly an hour. I was with 2 others and we each ordered our own rolls. Instead of the food arriving all together, they would bring 1 roll out at a time, about 15 minutes in between each. It made no sense whatsoever. The last roll took so long that we just told the server we didn't want it anymore.

The server could not be found on most occasions, I had to get up twice - once to get soy sauce from another table and a second time to find a clean pair of chopsticks. We couldn't get our tea refilled either until the end of the meal.

Anyway, the good news is, the rolls were all pretty delicious. We tried the butter yaki maki, crunchy maki, sushi couture maki, and green island maki. Portions were small-ish but as the previous reviewer mentions, fish was exceptionally fresh and the rolls came out looking classy. The wasabi was not good and not enough pickled ginger was given.

The server did bring the last roll in a takeaway container for us to have free of charge. I think they are doing their best and I expect service will improve over time.

I expect Sushi Couture will draw the crowd who likes quality fresh stuff and a bit nicer surroundings. But for me, I will revert to Sushi on Bloor or Big Sushi, because I like cheap, copious amounts of sushi.",2.0
"Great ambience, lovely baristas, and awesome cappuccinos (be sure to ask for the 8oz cappuccino for the right proportions). I only wish they had more choices for the kind of espresso beans they use. But it's a lovely coffee shop. 
P.S - delicious Bialy's bagels served fresh every day!",4.0
"5 stars if the place would stand out anywhere - it would.

Many adaptive re-uses to get to today and a wonderfully comfortable ""little plate"" restaurant where you can dine bench-style and meet strangers if you're so inclined.  It served as a postal credit union and traveling carnival workers union safe house among its prior incarnations...

The chef is an artist and the prices absurdly low.

We stopped in for a light dinner at 9PM on a Saturday night - and were the next in line.  Many of the diners had biked there - the long bike rack was jammed,  Several people after us enjoyed the living room waiting room, others the big screen TV at the bar while awaiting a table.

Three of us - ordered 2 small plates and the sharing special.  It was just enough - any more and we would've been too stuffed.  11 bucks each before tip.

Toasted baguette covering melted brie and walnuts, accompanied by shaved veggie crisps, potatoes and parsnips frites accompanied by mushroom soup [they called it gravy but that implies flour and fat], pork and beef ravioli in a heavenly roasted tomato sauce.  Finished with chocolate chip cookie dough balls - desserts were sold out.

I could eat here every day...",5.0
"We visited Tuck with a group of 9 recently.  We ate mostly the small plates and enjoyed everything.  We sampled the dates stuffed wtih chorizo, oyster popover sliders, roasted garlic, spinach salad and mac 'n cheese.   All were tasty and nicely presented.  The place it self is cozy and comfortable with more elbow room then other downtown establsihments.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The noise levels allowed for covnersation without straining.

I would definitely go back there to try some entrees or again with a group",4.0
"Unfortunately this place is connected to the Ellis Island Casino filth. Boardhouse should know better than to stay in that contamination. The Ellis Island Casino owners kicked out Food inspectors:
http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/177746751.html
Maybe try a different location, but STAY AWAY from Ellis Island Boardhouse!",1.0
"Ok so this is really a 2.5 star review. 

Their customer service is 5 star no doubt however the quality of my gel mani and pedicure is def sub par.  My first gel mani lasted only 5 days when it stared to raise and peel. I called and they were nice and told me to come back in and they would redo it. So after another hour of having my nails done now  six days later am starting to have the same issue, and my pedicure is chipped. Usually gel nails have lasted me over two weeks well into three with no problems in the last two years. 

All in all the cost is not worth what I got ($57 for both).",2.0
"Super quick and easy to do! I'll definitely be a returning customer. I called in last week like on 7/9 and they said they can have someone out on 7/13. that didn't bother at all cause I was grateful to them!

After I made the appointment they sent me an email with my invoice that I can pay right on line which I did. Come Monday morning all I had to do was leave my backyard gate open & then I got home & BAM my backyard was so nice and it was picked up! Not to mention it smelled great! I would refer them to anyone who needs helps! Thanks again!",5.0
"Just went here to watch the Steeler game.  This place has a good atmosphere for watching sports.  Plenty of tv screens, with multiple games going on at the same time.  You can pick your seat next which game you want to watch.  I ate the BLTA sandwich.  Plenty of bacon, nice and crispy the way I like it.  Toast just a bit too crunchy.  Onion rings on the side were delicious.  Also, tried the sweet potato fries which were very good as well.  Waitress was attentive, refilling drinks and checking in on our table.  I would go back to this bar.  Bill for four people was 36 bucks.  That was for 2 meals, a side of wings, 3 beers and several soft drinks.",4.0
"Absolutely perfect!! First time in Vegas, got a free shuttle ride there and back, and everyone there is so nice! I wish I could give this 10 stars. Everyone there was so helpful, and you could spend as much time looking and taking pictures and any car on the lot! They have 62 cars! I couldn't believe it!!",5.0
"Service 4.5
Fundito 2.5 (it's just cheese and tasteless ground beef) you need to eat it fast or it becomes a brick of cheese that destroys your chips.
Enchiladas verdes 3 (not really that flavorful)
Tamales 4 (my GF had these)

Overall skip this place and find another restaurant to eat at.  I wish I did.",2.0
"We had been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile and went yesterday for a special occasion celebration.  There was no one to greet us when we went in, so we sat down at a table in the empty bar and waited for several minutes before a server came into the bar to prepare a bill for one of her tables.  She came back a few minutes later to seat us and apologized for the delay but said they were understaffed for the night.  The service was marginal the entire time we were there, in spite of the restaurant not being full.  The food was good, especially the Dover sole and the chocolate souffl so the evening wasn't a total disappointment.  When we were leaving, we asked the server to cork our bottle of wine so we could take it with us - to our surprise, they wrapped it in aluminum foil!  Definitely not legal!  The restaurant, both inside and out, is in desperate need of a good cleaning and a renovation.  The prices are high and the service was just ok.  We won't be going back.",3.0
"My love affair with BYOBs continues... 

I went here on a date with my man friend on a friday night. Although I am mildly familiar with Mt Wash this place was still hard to find. After we found it and valeted my go-cart we were greeted by a huge party at the door (general mayhem).  I love when restaurants are busy, loud, and hectic (I'm not much for quiet intimate dining). My date made a res which was clutch because this place was packed! 


We sat around 8:50 (our res was at 8:30) but we were in no rush and had fun talking to the large party waiting to sit. We were sat next to another large party this one was already a couple bottles of wine deep when we sat down (more on them later). 

The service was a tad on the slow side but the place was packed. The server Katie was really knowledgeable and funny. My date and I were joking around with her all night. She was also on point with all of the specials. 

We started with special zucchini app. Which was solid, nothing over the top. But a solid dish. I had a spicy shrimp dish and my date had the chicken romano. When they bought these dishes out his looked like a pizza because it was a HUGE portion of lightly breaded chicken in a round shape. Again this PORTION WAS HUGE!!!! It completely covered the plate. Mine was really good, spicy but good! I couldn't finish all of it. 

I think my favorite part of the meal was just the interactions between tables ( I think wine helps this). The large party next to us was a group of 12 65 year olds who went to high school together. They kept chatting with us all night. One guy came over to our table (bombed) and chatted with us for 20 minutes about complete non-sense... hilarious.  Then another table came over making fun of the bombed guy! Generally a lively dinner! 


PROS: BYOB, Large menu, A lot of specials, Owner chats you when you are waiting for your food, lively, knowledgeable servers, funny co-diners, BYOB, 

CONS: Slower service, Valet Parking, corkage fee

OVERALL: Will go back, I'm not sure if it will be as entertaining tho!",4.0
"I have been able to experience both lunch and breakfast at Taylor's Cafe and on both occasions, both service and food were decent. The restaurant is tucked between some small clothing shops, The Eggery, and next to AJ's. The parking is not desirable especially during the lunch hour as the restaurant is sharing the lot with three restaurants and the grocery store.

The restaurant is small with few small tables, shared booth seating, and some outdoor seating. The decor is bright with exaggerated art work of Jazz performers. Apparently, the restaurant used to have some live Jazz music in the past. It is a very cute place.

For lunch, I had one of the chicken sandwiches which was good. However, I thought the options for breakfast were better. You could either choose one of the specialty omelets or build your own. I had the lox omelet which was excellent with hash browns. I was interested in the country potatoes however the waiter had mentioned that other tables had sent back the potatoes and that the hash browns would be better. Still unsure, he let us sample the country potatoes which were decent. I actually liked the country potatoes over the hash browns, I thought it was nice that the server was interested in making sure that we were satisfied. And overall, we all were. My guest ordered a build your own omelet with chorizo and another guest ordered the waffle with fresh fruit and both looked good and were highly complimented. The server was open to providing separate checks (however I am not sure that he would have been so willing if the place was packed which it wasn't). There was a random To-go iced tea delivered to our table and our check had originally not charged for our coffees but then after separation, had charged. These few incidents of confusion were masked by the overall pleasant service, atmosphere and quality of the food. I will definitely be back and would recommend Taylor's as a great breakfast/brunch location.",3.0
Such a fun place! Came in with a party of 28 people last Sunday morning. Brandon was very attentive and had such a fun sense of humor. I'm allergic to shrimp so I ended up ordering the Buffalo Chicken Po' Boy with coleslaw and a side of their smoked mac and cheese. Everything was delicious!! The rest of the family got down with the seafood bags. We all left very full and satisfied.,5.0
"We got there and the AC in the room was on full blast. We soon found out why... After the room warmed up to above meat locker temperatures we discovered the carpet was moist and the the room had a musky mildew smell. We stayed with a large group and several others had the same problem. 

I contacted the front desk who sent maintenance. He confirmed the moist carpet and checked the AC unit and determined that it was not the AC, but could not locate the problem. I then had to go back to the front desk who after 10 minutes said they could move me. The catch was the room was not ready. I waited a few hours and they called me and told me the room ready. You would think problem solved, but this was not the case. I walked down to the front desk and the manager on duty would not give me the keys as are third person was not back to move her stuff. So even though the room was musky and damp they left us their for several more hours. After several hours we moved with help from a bell hop. The bell hop also confirmed several people were complaining about moisture. 

Were now in the new room and most of my clothing smelled like Mildew. I asked them to clean it on my second day of are 4 night stay, but they would not even though their lack of cleanliness caused the problem. Are new room also had a problem with the lock where we had to tug it shut or it would actually hold the door open. Maintenance said they could not fix it and I can live with pulling the door shut tight so I didn't care. 

The night before checkout I still had smelly clothing and was fairly annoyed with the problems, unresponsive staff and general bad attitudes of staff. I had also asked to speak to the general manager several times at this point and they kept putting it off. So the last night I ask the manager on duty to refund my first night since the room was moist and smelled and made my clothing smell like mildew. Refunding one night out of 4 for not providing a clean room seems fair to me. Well the manager on duty did not think so and then all of a sudden after I wanted a refund offered to dry clean my clothing. This was not useful since I was leaving the next morning. 

The best she would offer was half a night. I again asked to speak to the general manager and she said I would be able to in the morning. Then the manager on duty decided to make the claim that maintenance could not find a problem and the carpet was not moist. This upset me the she had the audacity to lie to my face. I was there when maintenance came to the room and found that the carpet was moist. I

The next morning I went down to the front desk and was expecting to talk to the general manager. The general manager was in the room just off to the side of the front desk. One of the staff went in to get her, but she refused to come out and talk to me about the situation. I have never heard of something like that happening. 

I highly suggest staying with something in the HIlton chain instead. Whenever I have had to address a situation with any Hilton chain hotel they fix it. Please for the sake of your health please don't stay here. It deeply concerns me that they were keeping the AC on full blast to deal with it rather than finding and fixing the problem.",1.0
We've been going to this place for years.  Very tasty drinks and food.  And the atmosphere is really great with the decor and exterior patios.  Decorator details will have you looking at every inch of the place.  Once the food arrives you won't be disappointed.  Stuffed quesidillas are always a hit and my husband never deviates from the carne asada.  Downside is that it is always busy so you always have to wait.  But worst part is once seated it is really loud.  You're really packed in so hard to carry on a conversation if you're with a larger party.  Try for patio seating if the weather permits.,4.0
"I personally like this place. They have play areas set up for smaller kids, and everyone here seem to genuinely enjoy the work, and most importantly, are gentle and compassionate. These are not always qualities found in a dentist office. So, hate on the trains all you want, but while hanging around with your mouth open, it gives you something else to stare at besides the hygienist.",4.0
"Finally, an AYCE sushi spot that has variety, fresh sushi, great service, and the whole menu is included. It's a bit of a drive from the strip but worth the trip, especially for their sweet shrimp, Toro, and salmon belly sushi.

The best part is it's only $26. For what they serve its totally worth it. You'll spend that inside a hotel/casino cafe easily.",4.0
"Doctor Romine has helped me enormously. I've seen her for procedures 3-4 times. I had to reschedule at the last minute, and her staff fit me in a few days later with no problem. She is an extremely busy woman because she has so many patients - but this is a sign that she cares. I've never felt pressured to buy products from Camelback Derm, but I've always been given options and information with the ultimate decision being left up to me. She even called me over the weekend to check in on the results of my procedure. I can't speak highly enough about Dr. Romine and my experience at CD.",5.0
"The shaved ice was great! I got blue raspberry and bubble gum (yes, I'm basically a two year old) and it was a huge portion. However, lack of signage left me wandering around the neighborhood trying to find the location and, when I finally got there, the wait was tremendous (even though there was no one queued in front of me). Perhaps he was short handed, but it seemed to take forever to make the tasty treats.",3.0
"Whats not to like?  Easy to find location.  Somewhat healthy and relatively inexpensive food.  We all know white folks love smoovies...they have smoovies.  Its all stuff you could make at home but its good in a pinch.  Mainly, I like coming to these ""healthier"" places (Tommys, Roebeks, etc.) is the weirdos I see in here.  For people who care about what they put in their bodies they all seem socailly akward and completely miserable most of the time.  Shit cracks me up.  At least people drunk in a corner bar eating chicken fingers at noon, on a Tuesday, have a smile on their faces.  Ill eat a hummus wrap here so I dont feel so damn self concious when I take 2 bottles of Ripple to the head and chase people around like Fred chased Lamont!",5.0
"Good food at a great price - went to the restaurant on a Tuesday night and there was a line in the drive thru.  However, a staff member was outside taking orders, and food orders were processed quickly.  Meal was hot and tasted fresh.  Portions are nice for the cost, and there is an overall good value for the items.  Would return here again.",4.0
"Best pizza in Greenfield. 

Food:
This pizza is the pizza that looks like it does in cartoons. 
Reasonably priced. 

DO IT OR ELSE. 

Ambience:
Get your food and get out. 

Staff:
All you want out of a pizzeria staff in Greenfield. Read between the lines, people. 
Always willing to give extra dipping sauces! 

I think they are cash only, you've been warned.",5.0
"Friendly server, but the food was mediocre at best. Carne asada tasted/had the texture of liver, and the pork tacos were inedible.",2.0
"I write this review mostly hoping that the chef will read it and perhaps the ideas here will strike him as useful. I feel this restaurant has the right intentions and potential and would love to see it realized.
The bread was an unfortunate beginning that signalled that the kitchen would not be trying too hard: a bit stale white baguette and another soft bread that could have come out of the supermarket. Mediterra makes lovely sourdoughs and pecan raisin breads (also, see below). Just a small effort and you can showcase ""local"" bread as well.
The cheese plate is full of the right ideas: interesting cheeses, some from Pennsylvania. There is much to like in the selections. But consider the ways the accompaniments would really improve the flavor of the cheese. The night we went, the cheeses were accompanied by hazelnuts, slices of apple and honey, and toasted crostini of the uninspired white baguette we saw earlier in the bread basket. If you want a cheese plate to shine, consider a dense pecan raisin loaf (from Mediterra, say) and a nice fig chutney. These items would be as simple to create but what a difference in taste!
The shishito peppers are always a lovely choice, but these were overcooked (ideally, their skins should not give so easily) and they were on a bed of unnecessary aioli. Why not go Mediterranean instead like the Dinette folks? Pair the peppers with coarse salt and a nice local olive oil (there is a stand at the Public Market that has so many nice selections).
The scallops were nicely cooked but the hard slaw that accompanied them did not add much in the way of flavor. The ""mores"" are a great idea with some tantalizing options. Grilled radicchio does not need a balsamic vinaigrette glaze, because the flavor overpowers its inherent bitterness, and the chickpea puree was watery, rather than garlicky and dense, they way it should taste. 
Finally, the cherry chocolate tempura dessert had, again, a lot of potential. the hot fried, the warm of the chocolate cake paired with the coolness of the ice cream. But look at the dish aesthetically and you see four balls-- three fried chocolate cake and one milk chocolate ball of ice cream, along with more fried slivers. Not only is it not pleasing to the eye, but the ice cream should cut the heaviness of the fried chocolate. Why not pair instead with a nice goat cheese ice cream drizzled with a cherry or other fruit compote?
Finally, a note on the service. Our server was very nice and attentive. But he should not be made to recite a list of ""popular"" dishes. In an upscale restaurant like this, this is an Applebee's move. No diner wants to order what is ""popular."" Instead, there should be a rapport with the server: this is an opportunity for him to talk about what dishes he likes and why they are good. Skip the populist ""popular"" talk for the bloomin' onion.
As I mentioned, my goal is not to trash a place on yelp, but simply to offer suggestions, that should they strike the chef's imagination, may help take a restaurant with good intentions to greater execution.",2.0
"This  place is absolutely amazing 
The food 
The service 
The drinks 
And the view of people walking in the st 
Best lunch option",5.0
"My girlfriend and I being (and becoming) devoted vegetarians, we definitely wanted to try this place, and it did not stay on our list long before we ended up going there.  The outside, as my girlfriend had mentioned in the past, does not look like anything special for sure (it has a dull brown color and is right on the side of a large, fast-moving road.  They do say location is everything, but at the same time, you cannot always be as lucky as you wish to be in picking a spot for your establishment.

Walking into this place, there was a little bit of a weird vibe, but nothing we could not handle (we are all weird in our own ways).  I guess the owner of this place really likes superheroes and such, because there is memorabilia everywhere, on every surface.  Needless to say, it felt pretty weird sitting there with all of the figurines next to us, without much of an explanation from the owner (they could have come around and explained it, and I would have been much more interested).  I am not a stickler for professionalism by any means, but everyone in this place was wearing whatever they wanted to, and our server had the brightest white frames on his glasses, making it hard to really take much of the experience seriously.

For the fact that there were not many tables in this establishment, I thought that the service was relatively slow (contrary to when I had called a couple of weeks before and the person on the other end of the phone had said that they turn over tables pretty quickly).  Again, there was ample time for someone to come by and explain the place, its mission, why it looked the way it looked, etc.  I am pretty sure that I saw (who I thought was) the owner talking to a bunch of other parties, but we hardly saw him.  The server seemed a little delayed when we ordered the food, like he was unsure of what we were ordering or something.

We had a priority, which was figuring out what did and did not have nuts in it, for my girlfriend is allergic to them, and that would have instantly been a deal-breaker.  First, our server did not have much to say about it, and suggested we just order and go from there (not the worst suggestion ever, as it is what I may say where I work as well).  Who we thought to be the owner also came over, but his help was even less reassuring (""yeah guys, we do use peanuts..."" not ""how can I make sure you enjoy my business as well as everyone else?"").

The food we ended up ordering was pretty great, I wold have to say.  For being vegan, it is pretty impressive that they could pull off a flavorful cowboy burger, barbecue chicken fingers, and fried pickles (although they left a lot to be desired, and the portion was HUGE).  The food was exactly how it looked on the website, which was helpful and satisfying, and the taste really was great.

In being consistent with the rest of the reviews I have done, I have given this establishment this rating based mostly upon their food quality, but there is much to be said about the service.  It definitely made the mood difficult to explain at best.  I am also attributing at least some of the mood to the fact that we may have been in a little bit of a sour mood while we were there.  Thus, I have tried to be as objective as possible in writing this review, but I do not know if we will be going back.  Although we ordered a lot to try (exactly how I wanted it), the food definitely costs a fair amount, and I cannot say right now if it is worth it for us to return.",3.0
"Visited with my daughter on Sunday, April 10th. Headliner was Sammy Obeid. Really great, lots of laughing. Loved ""teaching math in the hood"" and all the one-liners. So funny! 

Enjoyed all the comedians, especially Sammy and Carlton(?). Great crowd, great venue.

Started out at the restaurant bar and was able to take our drinks in with us. Liked that. If we hadn't eaten before would have had chips and margaritas... Next time. What could be better than great comedy, chips and margaritas?

Visiting from So Cal but will definitely go again if the opportunity presents. Super fun! Great club.",5.0
"My second or third time here. The waiting time is a bit long like 15 min for a small drumstick with sweet and spicy sauce. I also had taro milk tea and french fries as sides.
The sauce is light spicy which hits me right, but overpowering sweet, french fries a bit too salty. taro milk tea has as always too much tapioca that I cannot finish nor reach.
The cashier is friendly. Two stars off for the mediocre chicken and fries and waiting time.

Lesson for myself, good milk tea, but no need of tapioca it's a waste, unless I really crave them.",3.0
"I took my car in for an oil leak and told them I was from Ca and didn't want to drive back with the leak. I was told the gasgets etc. needed to be repaired.  Well a couple days later I saw the same exact leaks in the driveway  so I called because I was leaving to go back home soon. Denise told me that she would have Randy call me back but he never did. I called a couple more times, then sent emails and no response.  I've taken other actions now weeks later and back in Cali, and low and behold I get a call...... Eli (???) The owner gets nasty with me and doesnt want to hear what my issues were and threatenes to hang up on me if I said my car wasn't fixed (which it isn't) then guess what, no more Eli, just dead air on phone (he was true to that).. Horrible service from the so called ""OWNER"". Now I have to take my car to the Bmw dealer where it should have went in the 1st place. I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone. Posted pictue!",1.0
"I prefer shopping at the Ulta location. I like the way the store is set up. If I need help there is someone there but they are not pushy. I prefer shopping on my own.

My daughter had a makeup lesson for $30 plus tip.
The gal who helped her would show her on one side and then let her try to apply on the other side. She did great! 

Today they just had one girl working the counter. Her customer was taking an extremely long time. The line was backed up, all the way down the other side of the isle! I had to ask her to call another cashier. She should have done this herself. 

Thank goodness someone came to help BC we were all getting annoyed. 

I wish they had sales.  The stuff they periodically put out on a shelf is mostly crap. Stuff most ppl wouldn't want.  

You can almost always find a $3.50 off coupon in the mail and occasionally a 20% off coupon.

 I do like their rewards program. For every $100  you spend you get $3 off any item in the store. I let mine accumulate. Plus through out the year you get emails with special double and/or triple point items. 

 Exclusive one day sales on a particular item, for example recently the IT Cosmetics palette
was half off.  Emails with offers such as buy xyz and get this 30pc gift set free. 

During your bday month you get double points and a free gift.",3.0
Came in for dinner sat at the bar. Kurt was our bartender. He was so nice and informative with the menu. We had the Caesar salad and the don pizza. I could over hear other employees and they were friendly. Would come back again,5.0
The service is good at lunch and the service is good at dinner. The pizza is amazing! So many options to make a pie even if you're watching your diet. We go 2 or 3 Tuesdays a month and always try to sit outside at the bar. The patio is great! Another place I'd highly suggest!,5.0
"We chose this place for a pint over the other two patios at the intersection and it was a good choice.

Good patio to relax on and people watch, friendly waitress and manager (owner?), fair prices, good selection.

A-OK!",3.0
"This is easily the best sushi place on bloor street to have rolls. People will try to convince you otherwise.
Sadly, this place is always packed, and the tables are placed ridiculously close together. 
When I use to go Downtown often I would usually drop by at least 3 times a week, and I would always have to wait for a bit for a table around dinner time... trust me its the same for any day you come in even on a weekday night. I would recommend this place for take out, and lunch if you are looking for a quick meal. Not a comfortable place to eat in i must admit its just too crowded. 
Also, if you are into sashimi this is not the place trust me but this is the place for sushi #1 pick in my books :).",3.0
"Lettieri was around before Starbucks invaded Toronto, which is, of course, way before the current indie coffee shop renaissance our fair city is undergoing. The Yorkville location is one of the last standing. A lot of them, including the Front street East one, have been converted to Hero Burger restaurants(same ownership).
The Cumberland avenue store brews good, if not memorable, lattes and espressi. They also have great lunch options, baked goods and smoothies. A great option when in Yorkville, whether shopping or chilling.",3.0
"THE WORST SERVICE EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
In advance of the installation of all new irrigation in our yard, I ordered several thousand dollars of landscaping, paying for delivery and planting, setting it all up for Sept. 8th.  On Sept. 7th, Labor Day, Moon Valley's driver calls to say he is on the way.  Wrong day so he was turned away at our guard gate.  Then, instead of showing up the next day, after 1 pm as promised, they showed up at 11:45 am and we were not home until 12:30.  So then they tell me they can't come until Friday.  

Friday- plants delivered and installed but 6 large shrubs are missing!  ""We haven't had boxwoods for weeks so I don't know why your salesman sold them to you.""  But, he promised me they would bring them out within a few days and get them planted.  When I explained that the irrigation would be in by then I was assured Moon Valley would add the drips required.  

One week and three unreturned calls later, plants are delivered.  The installers tried to charge me $10 per plant and then dug into my pool pipes resulting in water shooting around the yard.  Oops!  Shrugs and laughter and advice to ""call your pool guy, I guess"".  Who will pay for that? Additionally they left without planting one shrub and cutting another one in half with their shovel.  

That all happened on Sept. 22nd.  I was finally told to send photos, which I did, and they would be here to make everything right on Wed. Sept. 23rd.  Suffice it to say that I have spoken to many many people at Moon Valley since then, all promising their ""professional landscape team"" would be here to fix things soon.  While out-of-town this weekend I spent hours following up to ensure our pool and yard were fixed.  Saturday morning I received a text message from their Customer Service manager telling me the work was done, pool all fixed, plants planted, mess cleaned up, and that the manager was going out once again to check water levels.  Whew, finally.  Or so I believed.

Today, Sept. 23rd, we just got home from the airport to find one guy in our flooded yard working on our now half empty pool.  He said he was just contacted today by Moon Valley.  Seriously?  Not one thing was done!  Our pool is full of dirt, plants are dead or damaged, and I am beyond angry at having been repeatedly lied to.  

Everyone there is, of course, ""terribly upset"" that these incidents occurred and, guess what?  A manager ""will be here tomorrow to make it all right"".   Really?

If you are thinking of doing any business with this company I urge you to walk the other way as fast as you can.  They don't deserve my business or yours. 

Update on 10/2:
Today a Moon Valley replaced the plants that were flooded and restored our yard to what it should be.  Thanks to Jason, the manager who this finally got escalated to for resolution.  Jason is the person I wish we had dealt with weeks ago but I'm now happy with the outcome.",1.0
"We had a tree removed , a couple of stumps ground and new plants installed. From Bill with  the design process to Brian, AJ and Don in the removal/grinding/install crews ... All were handled with great care and communication throughout the job . The crews arrived on time and were great to work with..yard looks great ! Highly recommended .",5.0
The Coffee Shop is a great place to hang out and have a drink and a bite to eat. Great food and the coffee is fantastic. Very kind employees as well. The free wi-fi is nice to have as well.,5.0
"Wow. Just wow. The Mac and cheese balls and the sausage and peppers are to die for. And I'm not even fully vegan. They have something for everyone. For dessert we enjoyed the chocolate chip cookie dough cashew icecream and a Nanaimo bar. Also fantastic. 
The service was friendly and accommodating, and made our out of town experience **out of this world**. Yay cosmic treats!",5.0
took daughter for 15 month checkup and what thought to be full set of shots for her age but was told that they didn't have the vaccines needed. so just got hep a shot and have to go to county clinic to keep shots current. 3rd or 4th time this has happened. need to look for another pediatrician as this is an inconvenience.,1.0
"Great little Coffee shop!! Friendly staff, indoor and outdoor  seating...  Trendy fun spot and I love the Mourning Bird cookies...",5.0
5 stars all the way!!! Better than any Starbucks I've ever had. Quality is amazing!! They are mobile and can come to your worn in the morning!,5.0
"Always enjoy an evening outing with my family or friends to Wasabi.
Main reason why we go is the all you can eat salmon & tuna sushimi.
Have been going there for the last 5 years and never had a problem with their food.

Haven't tried their lunch yet, but with the reviews, it does not seem like a good idea.

Value for the money, can't beat it.

If you want to avoid the line ups, best to go @ 5:30 pm, otherwise, you have a 20-40 minute wait during the weekends.",4.0
"Food is respectable, and the guy behind the counter read my cues I was In a hurry. 
The young girl should not be serving customers.",3.0
I have been going to April at sassi salon for the past 2 years and would never go anywhere else!!! My hair and I are hers for life!! I have gotten more compliments on my hair in the last 2 years then my entire life!! So many that I have 4 co workers that go see her now as well!! April has great prices and the best style one could ask for in this industry!! Amazing work and I love every minute in her salon!!! Can't say enough good things about her!!,5.0
"Another fine addition to the food court at Caesars Palace located across from the world famous Colosseum. This place serves up some great Mexican street food dishes. La Gloria is hip Mexican restaurant in San Antonio that made it to Vegas by Chef Johnny Hernandez. 

We ordered tons of food. I wanted it all. Everything was super fresh. We got chips and queso, ceviche, bistec and al pastor tacos, chicken quesadilla, and a couple of drinks. The food was very flavorful and tasty. Try all the salsas. My favorite was the Al pastor with the little pieces of pia. And the Mangonada with mango and cantaloupe was so refreshing after working the entire day. We left so full, we had to walk around the forum shops to rest our stomachs. I made a joke with my dining partner that this place is like Border Grill light.",5.0
"I loved this bar when I went to ASU. I could always count on a fun live band and friendly bartenders. Great back patio area, definitely a nice change of pace from the ""Frat-tastic"" bars on Mill like Robbie Foxes and Cue Club. Some of the most memorable times shared with good friends were at this bar. I love the snake-bites (Guinness and Cider) and the Irish Car Bombs, and if you go on a Saturday the Sullivan's are usually playing and are always a good time.",5.0
"I love Rula Bula, Lamb Stew is the best! Also, great fish fry. I am disappointed that they choose to charge a $2 cover on some nights. I went there last night to have a Guinness and some dessert, but they want a $2 cover because they have some lousy band playing to a mostly empty bar. I wanted to sit on the patio with my wife, but I am not willing to pay $2 to go into a place like Rula Bula. I know it is only $2, but come on...

Also, great patio atmosphere!",4.0
"I really hate to leave a bad review, but any bride interested in this venue needs to know what to expect.

The venue itself is beautiful. When the weather is nice, as it was on our wedding day, artificial lighting does not need to be used. I was pleased that our photographer could shoot our ceremony in natural light! The building is old and beautiful.

Cindy, the manager, I found to be difficult to work with. She will not answer the office phone for the chapel. The best way to contact her is through the chapel email address; however, expect to wait a few days for an answer!

I dialogued via email with Cindy in November 2014, hoping to book the place for our March 2015 wedding. Her husband, Steve, who served as our sound technician, was professional and friendly as he showed us the venue when we visited.

I emailed Cindy immediately after visiting and told her I would be sending in my contract immediately, which I posted the next day. My envelope included the check, the contract, and an itemized list of expenses to explain the check amount. We paid to book the place ($400), for the sound technician ($100), and for two extra hours of chapel use ($200).

In January, once I had already sent out the invitations, I emailed Cindy about some wedding decor details (a pew count in particular, so I could buy the appropriate number of bows). She chose to inform me that she had never received my check and contract. I frantically tried to contact her via phone and email, desperate to know if my date was still safe. I spent a sleepless night worrying that I would need to start the venue search over again. I did not hear from her until the following evening; she told me my date was safe and she was searching for my contract. The day after, she emailed me to tell me that my envelope had been in the chapel mailbox the whole time.

Who doesn't check the mailbox for two months, especially when I had emailed her to say it was coming?!?!? 

Also, I emailed her multiple times for a pew count. I ended up visiting again and counting for myself.

In the end, the ceremony went without a hitch. The chapel was opened on time and Steve did a great job with our sound.

After the ceremony, Steve approached my parents for payment. Cindy did not apparently inform her husband that his amount was included in the check (as indicated by my itemized list of expenses included with the check).

In conclusion, fellow brides, be aware of the struggles you are likely to face in communicating with Cindy if you choose this beautiful venue.",3.0
"I've heard of the lore of Cartel Coffee from my brother, a good friend and several other people but since I never drank coffee until a couple months ago, I had no reason to step foot in one of their labs and see for myself. 

Well when it came time to drop of my girlfriends mom at the airport and we had an hour to kill, I thought coffee is good, but where..... well the Yelp app came though again and pointed me here. 

I had that moment of nervousness walking up since I'm trying to impress my girlfriends mom and not take her to a crappy coffee place, and this place does not look like much from the outside! I felt relived and overjoyed walking in and seeing how awesome it looked. My ""guests"" were equally as impressed. 

After getting our coffee we chilled on the couch talking and time passed so fast we were almost late, but luckily the airport is only 10 minutes away so it was all gravy! 

Since I don't normally drink coffee I won't be here often, but when I do, I will prefer to go to Cartel.",5.0
"Best beer selection EVER.

I met up with a girlfriend for dinner and drinks last night.  She suggested The Rhino because it was apparently *the* place to go for beer.  I am the first to admit I am a bit of a beer snob and I immediately flipped the menu to the German beer section.  My eyes anxiously scanned the lengthily list for my coveted Festbock (dark with 7% alchohol), and I think I may actually have let out a yelp when there it was printed in bold black ink.  **For those of you who don't know me Festbock is the liquid love of my life, I would happily replace all other fluids  in my fridge  if it wasn't so darn unhealthy and didn't lead to alcoholism.  Just a couple of these 500mL cans and I'm the happiest girl alive, or at least for a couple of hours.

Besides all that, The Rhino really does have an amazing beer selection and is the true watering hole of beers.

The establishment is huge although I think the space could be better utilized to fit more tables and chairs.  The staff were friendly enough without being fake or annoying, or on the other end of the spectrum, aloof. The restaurant, cutlery and bathroom seemed to be clean and free from offensive odors.

We ordered a couple of drinks each and split the grilled calamari and a pizza.  The food was good (I'm fairly easy to please when it comes to pub-style) and we were pleasantly surprised when the bill slid in at under $35 before gratuity.  And that was for both of us!

I look forward to going back again.  Who's coming with me?",4.0
"I have been storing my things here off and on for 15 years.  Never had a problem.  The office staff, since I have started renting space there has been a few, have been very nice and helpful.  I would highly recommend them.",5.0
With so many places to go in Las Vegas I can't really claim that this is a must see. It is fun to go to the miracle mile shops though.,2.0
"Pros:
-Affordable price
-Convenient location on the strip
-Lots of places to eat and shop at Miracle Mile Shops. There are a lot of affordable food options here...Pin-Up Pizza, Earl of Sandwich, Pink's, La Salsa Cantina (breakfast).
-Free wifi (only on two devices)

Cons:
-Self service parking. It is SO far away from the rooms. Way too long of a walk, especially when you are carrying a bunch of bags full of alcohol, water, shoes, etc. Do valet parking instead. Apparently it's free.
-The line to check in was ridiculously long. There should have been more than 3 people working at the front desk on Thanksgiving.
-Pillows are extremely uncomfortable.
-Towels are really thin and not very soft.

One other thing. We were walking back to the elevators to get to our room around 2am. There was a guy completely passed out, face planted into the floor in the corner. A staff member walked right past him and didn't do anything! He didn't call anyone to help the guy out. He didn't try to wake him up. Horrible! I walked to the lobby and made sure one of the people at the front desk called security. I understand that I'm sure they see this kind of thing a lot with people being drunk and all that. But come on, help the guy out. He's obviously wasted. Get him back to his room. 

I think I would try a different hotel next time I'm in Vegas.",3.0
"like this place a lot. Miracle Mile has some great shops and at times a little confusing, but fun! i enjoyed my 630am romp with a friend through the shops! FUN! The casino was young and lively. The poker room was bigger than some of the others I have seen in Vegas and while I didn't win here, i had a great time.  The server wasn't that great. it took FOREVER to get our drinks. but fun times were still had.",4.0
Waitress was rude but apart from that food is pretty good and portions are huge for the reasonable price. Will return :),4.0
It was good....had the sonoran dog...well average. I had better hot dogs at costco. The tacos were good. Not much of a memorable place plus it is very small.,3.0
"Have been a patient of Dr. Lindsay for three years since relocating from NY. I utilize the Wexford office which is convenient for my North Hills residence. The office staff is knowledgable and generally a pleasant group. Dr. Lindsay is the best - smart, personable, always upbeat, genuinely interested in finding solutions for your eye needs. I enjoy knowing that Dr. Lindsay is available for my follow up questions or re-visits to tweak a prescription. Overall, I'm a satisfied and content patient.",5.0
"Food is good but the skinny doesn't feel all that skinny. I choose Greens and Proteins over SF all the time. Their juices are great, though.",3.0
"We ordered the chick humm to go along with a create your own shake. The shake was great, it always is. However, the chick humm was not up to our expectations from photos and online introduction. The overall flavor of the burger lacked seasoning, and the bun was soggy by the time we got home. The chicken was also pretty dry. It was not to our expectations. We've been to skinny fats many times before and haven't been disappointed.",3.0
"It was daddy and daughter day. So I decided to bring her here since she loves cheeseburgers! We both had a cheeseburger w/potato salad. NOTE: They do not serve fries!!!! Service is a little slow, but we received our order very fast. We both enjoyed our burgers very much! Very juicy, and cooked perfect! I really liked the potato salad, the daughter is very hard to please! She liked the potato's but she had to pick through the rest of the ingredients! She was ecstatic about being able to create her own shake! She ordered a banana and cheesecake shake, she usually only eat part of it and give the rest away! I was lucky enough to at least try it before she consumed the whole thing!!! Very tasty! I had their fresh lemonade, this was probably the best lemonade I have ever had!!! We really enjoyed this place and definitely will bring mama here.",4.0
"We came here on a Saturday after leaving the farmers market.  The store its self is retro, but dirty retro.  Everything was so cluttered and dusty it made me want to leave, but we stayed.  All we wanted was a milkshake...they are a soda fountain!  The servers were clueless, took about 15 minutes for someone to help us and we were the only ones in the restaurant!  This was disappointing.  We each ordered a shake, they all came out at different times.  The serve made one, brought it out and so on.  This is a HUGE irritant to me...I do not want to eat/drink while others watch me.  The shakes were good, but nothing to write home about.  

I think overall, I will try another place before I came back here.  Disappointing...",2.0
"Walked into the place expecting with my lawyer a 65 year old woman of class.  We were dressed in professional business attire.  The greeter does not greet and tells us to find our own table when all the tables were filled.  Finally we got a table the server barely said hello, I mean Mcdonalds next greets you with a bigger smile for 99 cents.  In addition to that the burger came they were Ok but served luke warm and seemed like they had been sitting around.  This is for a 14 dollar burger.  I fairness I did return to this place by myself to grab a bite and had virtually the same repeat experience.  No hospitality, a bunch of grown men upset that they are stuck serving burgers well guess what that is not the customer fault LOL.  Anyway again COLD burgers and the cold shoulder from the staff.  You may be happier going to MCdonalds is all I have to say.",2.0
"The decor is pretty cute and nice! However, their food is literally the worst. We got pretzels that were burnt to a crisp. The slider was smothered in thousand island and it was DISGUSTING. Basically I'd rather eat a napkin than come back to this place.",1.0
"This place is as good as people say it is! Went and tried Miracle Mile Deli on a suggestion and found it to be a great experience with plenty of options to choose off the menu. I can say that it's worth going out of your way not just for the quality and great tasting food, but the nice atmosphere of the place. The only bad thing I can say is that both the parking and seating area gets cramped due to it's success.",5.0
Master Cleaners has excellent service. What else can you say about a family owned cleaners that sold those things the right way. The five-star reviews are an example of why Master Cleaners kind and cleaners take care of all of your service needs cleaning those buttons and making sure your suits ties and shirts are pressed beyond belief. If you want family service then you must go to a family cleaners Master Cleaners.,5.0
"My parents and I saw Terry Fator a few years ago and really enjoyed it. So much that this year, we took my husband and best friend as well. I was pretty disappointed, as now it's obvious that Terry has a platform and is determined to use it. 

First off, the ventriloquism is great. It's truly impressive that he can sing as well as he does without moving his lips. The jokes are about 70% funny, some very funny and some a bit lame. I enjoy the singing and impressions immensely. If the show was just these things, I'd give 4 or 5 stars to the performance. 

Now...the one star. Terry now includes three original songs in his show. The first song, a country number, okay, not good, but at least lively. During the middle of the show, Terry launches into preachy sermon time. The song about Horses in Heaven was just a terrible song on its own. But also, the mood was completely dampened by the story about kids with cancer. Seriously? I felt duped and my sense of fairness was outraged. We bought tickets for a funny ventriloquism show, and now I'm being preached at? This segment lasted a long time, and continued with a celebration of the military (fine) and another cheesy, badly written song.  Definitely a damper on the mood. I give this part 1 star, so it evens out to 3 stars. 

Too bad. We won't be going back.",3.0
This is the best Sichuan food we had in Markham and I have tried lots before. Recommend the chuanbei liangfen()  the best I had!!!,4.0
"The food was tasty, but rather expensive. I got a bacon cheeseburger and the meat was flavorful, but small....didn't even fill the bun.

I would have given a higher review but the atmosphere/experience wasn't great. We were the only ones there but the tables were dirty. 3 younger guys were working but they didn't care much about their job, they seemed as if they just wanted to hangout in the back. They could have spent some of that time taking care of the place. Windows were dirty, walls looked like they had food on them, vents haven't been dusted in ages(even the within reach vents on the soda fridge) and the 2 month old posters for Frozen on Ice could be removed.

Would I return again? I wouldn't drive any great distance to come here again. With the quality of food that I had, it could be a nice place if someone took a little pride in the place.",2.0
"Saturday night dinner, first timer at Montana's. Expectations were high based on the higher steak prices (about 50-70% higher than the chain steakhouses Outback, Longhorn etc).
Service was below average for this price range, not attentive, burger joint caliber. No bread or butter on the table. They serve your salad dressing in a small container on the side, even for a Caesar's salad. The container does not contain enough dressing, asked for a little more and the server said Upcharge! The upcharge was 25 cents, they really need that quarter! Wife had the Shrimp and scallop alfredo linguine. It was tasty but they sliced the whole scallops into 1/8 to 1/4"" slices to have the appearance of ""more""!. My 10 0z Baseball cut Sirloin at 27 bucks was on the tough side even at medium rare, the side of squash casserole was dry, and luke warm to cool in temperature. Wife asked to box her remaining dinner, server plopped a styrofoam box on the table. The chains do a much better job at around $15 bucks for a 10 oz sirloin. Wine list was fairly reasonable. Montana's steak prices range from $27 to $48, very high for the lackluster meal and service. No reason to return, going back to Longhorn or Outback for our next steak fix!",1.0
"What a fun experience! I highly recommend it to anybody over the age of 8 or so.
First of all, the ambiance is super cool. Is this what it's like in Japan? Not sure, but I like to think so. It's a small room decorated all in white, with about 10 seats at the 'bar' where you can watch a few of the desserts being made, and about 10 table seats. Warning: there is no signage! It's located between Kabuto and a massage place.
The food menu (which is edible!), includes a 3-course prix fixe option or a 1-course option. The drink menu has an extensive selection of champagne and dessert wines, but unfortunately, these are all quite high-priced and there are very few by the glass selections. In addition, you can order from a wide variety of teas and several types of bottled Japanese water of various ph's. We tried the 'bicarbonate' one, which is supposedly for athletes. I could taste a slight difference from the tap water, but I'm not sure if it was worth $4!
On to the main thing, the desserts! They were all delicious. Our amuse was a white peach sorbet with sparkling wine jelly and it was sooo good. Usually peach-flavored things are cloyingly sweet, but this was so light and delicious! The small beads of sparkling wine jelly perfectly complemented it. I could have eaten about 10 of these.
For our 'main' dish we had the 'angel' (cookie with pear gel on top and covered with a pear foam) and the 'red rock' (raspberry molten cake with vanilla ice cream and yuzu marshmallows and some other stuff!). The angel was really good - light, with just a hint of pear - but the red rock was awesome! Seriously, I usually don't like 'molten' cakes because they're goopy and too sweet and the cake part is heavy, but THIS.....this was so good. And of all things, the yuzu marshmallows really stood out! It was disappointing that we only had 2! Our last dish was the cream puff. It was good and all, but small, and nothing too special.
I would highly recommend everybody check out Sweets Raku at least once - it's a perfect date night! Add a bottle of dessert wine and you could even skip dinner! At $19 for the prix fixe menu, it's definitely more than you'd spend on typical dessert, but it's perfect for a special occasion.
So why, you may ask, do I not give it 5 stars? Simply because it is waaayyyyy......toooooooo.....slllllloooowwww. Seriously, we were there over an hour! I appreciate that every dish is made by hand as it's ordered, but could you maybe hire another cook back there? At a pace like that, it's not really even good for kids. Ours held out to the end, but we ended up scarfing down the cream puff in 1 bite each since it was way past bedtime by that time.",4.0
Great place to come for brunch or dinner. The staff was very friendly. I had the orange chicken salad that was delicious. I wish they had a better menu but everything else was great,4.0
I gave this place five stars before and really enjoyed eating here but since the staff changed over in September it's gone down hill.  My parents noticed the same thing.  It's a shame.,2.0
"I got to go Vegas on my 21st b-day. Woot Woot. This place was the first stop when we got to Vegas after checking in and stuff. It was quite classy. There were so many people. They have a restaurant downstairs and a nightclub upstairs. The food was alright but it was real expensive.

The nightclub was crazy. If you like getting tight and being touched by others. This club would be the place. There was SO MUCH people. People squeeze in so close to dance. They were quite touchy too. I hated one thing, and it was that they allow people to smoke in there. It really annoyed me.

Oh yea, the restroom was confusing. They only had ""ying"" and ""yang"" labeled on the restroom doors. My friend and I didn't know which was female. Then this group of girls also was clueless, then some of them opened one of the doors and found it was the women side. Then one girl opened the male side and then came back out. My friend then told me later, there was statue by the door to determine if its the male or female side because they were naked. I cracked up when I saw it.",3.0
"Hate hate hate... the only reason it gets 2 stars is cause Caesar at the door was cool enough to let us in though my boyfriend and I were late for our 'group of 20'... afterwards I wished he hadn't and we'd have run off to some other venue.

Once we got in (after paying 30$ though we weren't supposed to), it was wall-to-wall people... 2 house vodka cranberries were 24$ before tip and... did I mention you couldn't move, let alone dance?  Not cool.  

Won't see ya there.",2.0
"My hair still smells like cigarettes from last night as I type this. (well, it did when I started the review last week!)  Now, onto the review!

So a friend of a friend, who works for Tao group, was giving us the hookup when she invited us out to Tao with her Dec. 2 (Thursday.) We got in free with the VIP stamp, and just walked right in with her, and we had full access to an open bar. Who can complain about free everything?! I'm a fan of free!

We got in about 10:15 PM and immediately headed upstairs with the three other girls I was with. The girls that lay by the staircase weren't out and neither were the bathtub bathers - which for me, is a-okay. We went to the bar for our gratis drinks; I happened to have a very tasty amaretto sour (the only mixed drink I like) sans a marachino cherry. Thank you Tao for saving me $11!

The dance floors were deserted in the main room and we sorta just walked around and hung out on the balcony for a little bit before dancing for maybe 30 minutes. We were approached by some girls taking pictures of guests who they had given Holly Madison's new Hypnotique shots (gawd, Hypnotique is gross) so we did that, and then they came back and wanted a second shot, so I posed and gave them back the shot - I like being sober. 

After that, we headed to the lounge room (whatever the smaller dance floor is upstairs is called.) There was maybe 6 girls just dancing around (one was way drunk.) Luckily, some guys made it to the dance floor - oh wait, no, only one did, and he was dancing with me. Ha. After about 20 minutes some more guys showed up and the floor started getting filled up. 

Some guys I had noticed earlier were now in the lounge and one of them got stuck on me. Oh lordy, he had on Crafters (those rectangle glasses featured in every freakin' Lens Crafters ads) and so I got separated from my group and just chilled with him on the balcony after wading through the crowd gaping, with cellphones raised, at Holly Madison, who was hanging out at a private table (have these people never seen a prostitute before? It's Vegas...)

The balcony is really nice, and the bouncers make sure it doesn't get too busy. It's really the only place you can have a conversation and truly hear what the other person is saying. When this guy was telling me how he charged $2,000 to a 40% interest credit card to come on this vacation, I was literally already in the process of walking away but alas, it was a joke -  if I had been inside the club, I wouldn't have heard the ""it's a joke"" part and the night would have ended very differently (which would have been good for me and bad for him.)

Let me just say that I'm not Bobby Brackins; I'm not lookin' for some love in the club. I have no desire to hook up with random fools on vacation looking to bump or get as close as possible to doing such, but you will find a ton of that in this club - either in business suits (tons of business men) or So Cal Asian cool kids. 

After hanging out on the balcony, this guy, Mike (the one with the Crafters) was really pressuring me to go back to his suite with him because he saw (from reading a text message over my shoulder) that my friends had gone home after not being able to locate me. I held out and we went back to his table he bought with his suite mates. Um, yeah, I wouldn't spend that sort of ridiculous money for a table, but if you want to dance without being in a cattle car, find a guy with a table. The velvet ropes keep the drunk wild dancers out, and there is room to breathe. There are a zillion attendants making sure the table drinks and condiments are filled. There is a huge Kentucky Derby-like cup that holds ice. After being offered a drink from the table, and me declining, I was told to at least have something, so I took an ice cube. Ha. Not bad.

Mike was dead set on us ""taking a walk around the shops;"" out of towner club guy translation: ""let's go to my suite."" (There will be a review about this. Don't worry, I didn't do anything! Bleh!) so I relented and we walked out of the club. On the way out, I got some snazzy (yet too small) flip flops. These are the real deal, not some cheap-o pair.  Nice!

Overall, Tao is great when stuff is free and you don't have to wait in line. I don't know if I would have had a nice time if I had to wait in line and pay like everybody else, but my experience was pretty fun!",4.0
"MY FAVORITE NIGHTCLUB IN VEGAS!
We got in supper quick, front of the line. Then danced all night while watching ZEDD perform, plus free drinks. Couldn't have asked for a better promoter. Thank you CHRIS COWETTE 702*722*8585  
Next time you're in Vegas give him a call :)",5.0
"I've visited the Scottsdale location a few years ago and swore I would not go back to another Lo Lo's however I decided to give the Gilbert location a try since everyone was raving about this new location. 

The service was great! Nick, our server was very attentive and refilled drinks on time. Granted, it wasn't very busy and many of the waiters stood around and acted busy. 

Food was brought out on time. Too fast, actually. The grits were not cheesy, nor savory and not worth the extra price. Collard greens was lacking the ""soul food"" flavor I was looking for and definitely not worth the $5. The chicken thighs were okay and the waffle a bit soggy. I think they over butter everything to make up for the lack in flavor. This place was a bit pricey. Spent about 46 dollars for two people to dine. I probably won't be back.",3.0
"I'm sorry to see others had a bad experience.  I always feel you should give  a place at least a month to work out all the quirks.  We had to wait about 45 minutes. The atmosphere is super friendly.  The food was oh sooooo GOOD! There were 7 of us girls there for lunch, we didnt ask the waitress for separate checks she just did it for us.  How thoughtful.  As we were all leaving, behind the establishment, some guy with bright pants told us to be sure to come back.  Absolutely we will.  Friendly service like that, you can count on it.

HUGE SHOUT OUT TO OUR GUY KYLE (FROM NEW JERSEY) WOW WHAT GREAT SERVICE HE PROVIDED FOR MY HUSBAND AND I!! THANKS!!",5.0
"My new home from 6-8 on weekdays! I am so glad they opened a new location closer to me and you can't beat that $10 a month membership fee. It does get a little busy after 5 but usually dies down pretty quickly. The 30 min circuit area is my favorite, it's one of the reasons I love PF over all the other gyms out there.",5.0
"I have been looking all over the Glendale/Peoria area for a groomer that I like. Since moving to Arizona, groomers have told me that my dog is too difficult to groom or give other excuses for not delivering on their product. Academy West Animal Hospital was the first successful grooming experience my dog has had in nearly a year! They did a fantastic job with him. They kept him calm the whole time, even during his shots! I especially liked that he wasn't caged afterwards- they call right away so you can pick up your dog before any he or she has to wait. My little man finds cages to be extremely traumatizing so that was great news for us. I will definitely bring him back in the future!",5.0
"Great portions, good food for your average msg filled Chinese food place... It's our go to for when you're craving that. But my husband and I always feel the msg hangover the next day.",3.0
"Great place and love the food.  This was my second visit today and the service was a little slow but the atmosphere and food are worth it.  I enjoyed sitting outside and dining with the fur children.   It's great there is a place for dog lovers to bring their fur child, relax and grab a drink and bite to eat!",4.0
"I ate here and it was so amazing!!! We sat on the patio (really awesome) and Sam R. was our server. She was great! You can tell she actually cared about us. I had the All-American burger and it was by far the best burger I've had in awhile!! I can't say enough good things about this place. Great atmosphere, great service, great food! Bring your dog in too! I've never seen a place like that in Vegas.",5.0
"I saw a group-on and decided to give it a try since I love Indian food.  One of the owners (I believe) was waiting on my table and she was verrrry nice and made the experience that much better.  The food was the best I have had lately...and like everyone says, you have to try the Garlic Naan.  I couldn't believe their $3 ""domestic"" beers included local breweries (I got hop shock).  I did make a reservation and our table was ready for us even though we arrived 10 minutes early.  I will definitely be back for more!",5.0
"Delicious Mexican food and strip club next door...how can you go wrong?! It's open all night too which is a plus for those not in the mood for Roberto's to get that late night Mexican fix. I've been a few times and the service has always been wonderful. The salsa is super yummy. Recently, I had the al pastor tacos which were just like off the streets of Mexico (authentic but definitely more pricey). It's super dark inside but hey...there's no need for good lighting in a Mexican restaurant next door to a strip club. Again...pricey for Mexican food but definitely delicious.",5.0
I've been coming here for months and this is long over due. Any local knows that the best places are often off the strip and this is no different. As far as Mexican cuisine there is not a place I've been to that is better. Chef Paco has created a menu that everyone can enjoy while still capturing the true flavors of Central American cooking. Counting in the prices and the specials that they run it's a no brainer. The ingredients for every dish are from premium organic sources and prepared by people that care. Anyone who works in the service industry will tell you some people are impossible to please and those kinds of people should just stay home..forever. Forget those grumps. If you have any common sense along with an appetite to match you better be stopping by here asap. Plus it's open 24/7. Skip the late night street meat that might give you botulism. El Dorado is a real slice of Mexican pride.,5.0
"Oh Zink you've let me down. I'm really disappointed with my latest foray here. The decor is still very nice and upscale and the service is still friendly, but what the heck has happened to the food?!

We ended up here after driving around for about an hour looking for a place that didn't have a two hour wait and I've had good experiences here before so I was sure it'd be a nice night out when the hostess said she could seat us right away. Man was I wrong. We started with the Lobster Mac & Cheese. The cheesiest thing about the dish was the ritz cracker crust on top. I realize that sounds very sad, that's because it is. The lobster was great on it's own and there were decent chunks throughout the dish. The mac part though? It really could've just said lobster with pasta in a cream sauce and I probably would've believed them. Not very cheesy and kind of runny instead of a glorious gooey concoction I was hoping for. I finished it off though and good thing too because I ordered the wagyu burger and I managed about 2-3 bites before I gave up due to how hard it was to eat combined with how flavorless and dry the meat was. That thing tasted like pure disappoint if disappointment had a taste. I ended up eating some of my dining partner's pulled pork ravioli, and dipping my fries in the sauce.

Our waiter was friendly if a little slow on taking orders and water refills. Pacing of the meal was spot on, the appetizers came out shortly after our order was filled and entrees came shortly afterwards I like that they pay attention to timing. However I gotta say he was really turning a blind eye to customer satisfaction. He saw that I didn't like or eat my burger, and didn't want to take it home, and I even said out loud when he was clearing the table ""What a disappointment"" and he just went on merrily clearing plates returning a short time later to see if we wanted dessert. No thanks I'd just like to leave and go get a burger at cookout so I can stop being hungry.

This has left a very bad impression on my friend and I find myself hard pressed to make a return trip here now after this experience. I am sad that I pretty much ate a $14 piece of pickle and fries for dinner. So two stars means Meh. I've experienced better. You know where I've experienced better? From the same place.",2.0
"It occurs to me after ordering it that I don't actually know what paprikash is, other than there is the possibility of there being too much pepper in it.  Ultimately it was fine, which annoyingly denied me the opportunity of telling the waiter. 
Darn this perfectly adequate eating place!",4.0
"The place is good fancy very energetic 
Staff members are very friendly
My homie Harry works there",5.0
"The only good thing about the food, was the taste of the meat.  You can tell the logistics are off, they don't have a great system or and also the presentation and proportions of the food.

I recently had jaw surgery so was looking forward to one of my first meals, and wanted to check this place out.  The girl up front took my order wrong, I said I wanted 1 Medium Carne asada Burrito (really small), 2 cabeza tacos and 1 pastor.  When I opened the food up there was 1 Burrito and 2 carne asada tacos.  So no cabeza and no pastor which I really wanted to try both of them; so was really disappointed because it wanted it to be a special meal.  I can really honestly say that I can make better tacos at home with better presentation and of course the meats I like.  Hopefully they can work the kinks and make themselves better!",2.0
"I never liked ping pong in my basement - I'm not sure why I like it so much here.  There is something very social about the environment and the sport that work well here.  The space is huge and I love not having to chase down balls - they have people who pluck them up and put them back into a basket beside your table.  I'd come more regularly but the price of the tables seems a bit steep - close to $250 for 2 hours / 2 tables on a Saturday afternoon.  As a result, it tends to be more of large group activity as playing is a bit of a novelty.",4.0
"Great place for a drink. Super atmosphere and good service. Was underwhelmed with the food, unfortunately. The wings were on the better side of good and an opening salvo to what I thought was going to be a great meal. 

My Entree was the Guinness Ribeye, and while it was perfectly cooked, other than the beer marinade, had NO other seasoning, as in NONE giving this a lack luster result. It was a similar experience with the baked gouda mac n' cheese. All the promise in the world, and a great presentation, but seriously lacking in the flavor department. The asparagus was cooked wonderfully, was fresh and tasty......",2.0
"third time last.
no soup...overplucked quebecoise sandwichmaker on phone for whole lunch.
no service, the waitress was at the bank.
i got up to leave and she squonked on the phone for longer.",1.0
"My Experience. 

I went there for the boarding service (around 12days)

They did Prior Health Check, she was fine. 
After I left, about 6days later, they called saying my CAT was SICK. (appreciate the call)I was worried and felt bad because it was her first time getting sick since I adopted her (1year).
I made few calls, and went back to pick her up.
I paid and saw the receipt. It was around $45 Extra for her medicines. 
I questioned because First, they did the Health Check prior and Second,  they charged me W/Out letting me know. But the lady just said my cat could've born with the virus or she had it already. 
 
I said okay, and came home.",3.0
"I was here for nearly 2 hours just so my cat could be vaccinated, which took 2 min! They did not appear to be busy or short staffed while I was there. I probably would have been waiting longer if I did not leave the room to remind them I was waiting. I only came here because I adopted a cat and was instructed to bring him here for his neuter and vaccinations. I was not impressed after my first visit and will not be returning after this second visit. No other redeeming qualities so I would not recommend this place to anyone.",1.0
Everything about this place is awesome. This was my first visit. The customer service is exceptional and the food is divine. I highly recommend the breakfast. Their portions are filling with enough to take home if you're not an overeater. Looking forward to going back for a lunch.,5.0
"This place rocksss! Our server Christina was amazing!! Perfect service! Very welcoming, knowledgeable and made my families trip that much more enjoyable! Thank you christina!",5.0
"Came here for some brunch with the girls. Christina was our server and she was amazing! Very sweet, thorough and efficient. Left full and satisfied",4.0
"I love this place, I'm not a real big fan of Sushi but I asked for grilled Salmon Chicks and they made them for me even though they are not on the menu,That's service! Full bar, good service, and well.... My family loves this place :)",5.0
"Ok, so I love fired pie until I came to Mod. My new favorite. Fresh ingredients, great pizza, outstanding staff and a patio! Ok, so 8 months a year it is a plus. Great concept, great family environment. How could I forget the $5 happy hour pitchers until 6:00 pm.",5.0
Friendly staff and the usual stuff bike shops sell. These guys throw a bike night the 2nd Wednesday of every month and has free food and music. Will deff coming back here again if not for gear at least for bike nights to meet other riders.,5.0
"Although it took some searching to find this hole in the wall, it was well worth it. I'm all about the atmosphere. Even though this place looks like a tiny room with a barista behind the bar, it's still welcoming. Don't expect to have some privacy inside the shop  because it's so small, but there are tables outside to accommodate. The coffee was great and the staff was so sweet!",4.0
"These guys have been great. 
I take both of my cars to them. They have even suggested NOT getting some repairs done and saving me money. 
The guys have been fair with pricing. 
The only complaint that I had was a little grease stain on the steering wheel once but it was minor. 

Otherwise happy and will continue to visit them.",5.0
"Very cool, laid back spot. No alcohol :( Staff was really friendly. This is a great spot to go to after hours or just to unwind. We went on a Friday. They have a DJ on Friday and Saturday nights. Great music! Off the strip, so great for locals and under 21.",4.0
"First time and although it was nice inside, I found the wine list limited. On a positive note, the cheesecake appetizer was very good and the place was comfy with nice music.",2.0
"You can't go wrong here. Relaxed atmosphere, great food and even better service. I'll make this my go to Sushi stop in Phoenix! I think my faves are the orange and cherry blossom but the sweet thing is a right there with them.",5.0
They make a great Vanilla Bean frap!,5.0
"I am extremely disappointed with the bakery department.  My wife ordered a cake with my daughters face in a princess body Sat. for Sunday pick up for my daughter's b-day.  The bakery took the order Sat.  I had picked up the cake Sunday.  I explained to my wife when I got  back and explained that  that the baker said that they ran out of ink, because they were busy with graduation.  The bakery department never called to let us know of our order.  we had no choice but to take the cake, since it was my daughter's b-day.  Also the cake showed some damage to the side of the cake.  Lesson learned; go to Publix for all needs.  I will sure to pass this situation on to my family and friends.",1.0
"Metro is my first choice for pizza in Henderson.  It's almost always pretty busy (a great sign in this economy), and the pizza itself has the BEST taste!  I like the San Genaro pie, but have gotten many other kinds and have never been let down.  We always go in to order the take out pie, and then sit at the bar while we wait.  The bartenders are always very friendly & they have great beer, wine & sangria.  I ordered the wings once, and was not very impressed - they were kind of soggy when I got home.  BUT - the pizza is 5 stars, and that's what really matters, right?  Lastly, the gelato is out-of-this-world....You MUST try the Sea Salt Caramel Gelato.  It's the BEST!  We make a point to eat at Metro once or twice a month.",4.0
"Coup Des Tartes has been a family favorite for years!  The dinner we enjoyed tonight was nothing short of excellent!

Andrea was wonderful!  She had great energy and really went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and well attended to.  My family hadn't been to the new location, and she offered to take us on a tour and gave us the history of the building - which was a treat!  

Every course was perfection!  From the shrimp filled calamari, filet with truffle macaroni and cheese, and creme brle to top it off!  The courses were also well spaced out and arrived just in time.

We can't wait to come back!  Thanks so much for another memorable experience!",5.0
Terrific food and you can hear each other talk,5.0
"Eh it was just alright. My room mate was DYING for some pulled pork. Everywhere we really wanted to try was closed on Sundays. So we got a Yelp deal $10 for $20 worth of food and got a 3 meat combo--brisket, rib tips, and the aforementioned pulled pork. Brisket was sliced super thin, like WTF. Rib tips were ok but very small amount. The pulled pork was mushy and soft yet dry at the same time. I liked the sauce, slightly spicy, but they didn't put much, and didn't give extra in our takeout box.

The mac and cheese was bland. The baked beans tasted like Bush's from the can. Plus they forgot our cornbread (which wasn't sweet at all) and had to go back in and ask for it. Overall, barely worth the $10 let alone the $20 for regular price.

Go to John Mull's in the NW instead, and get way WAY more food that's way WAY better for a couple bucks less.",2.0
"Food was good. The cook brought us out the food after waiting for about 30 min for 2 meals. He refilled our drinks also because after the waitress( younger African American woman) took our order she Never once came back to inquire about drinks or food.  And we were the only couple of people there. Not sure if it was because i told her we were using a Groupon or not. But when i asked questions about how something on menu tasted, she replied ""like its supposed to taste"". 
Overall staff needs to be trained if you want customers to come back.",3.0
"I have been a frequent visitor of CupKates for about 3 years! For not only cupcakes (full size and mini) and delicious Cakepops we also frequent her shop for trinkets and all things shiny for my little girl! We use CupKates for mostly custom orders and Kate is such a dessert design genius I am able to give her a rough idea of what I would like and let her run with it. She never stops impressing me with her ideas. My little girl had her birthday party there last year and when I say a tea party fit for a princess that's exactly what it was. We will always go out of our way to support the small business/local business. It is not your typical bakery so don't go there expecting to see cases of dozens and dozens of cupcakes. She keeps minis and Cakepops on site fresh. They are perfect for a snack and when you fall in love with her goodies, order yourself a custom order for s treat! Thanks Kate (and your super friendly brother who I am blanking on his name) for always being so friendly and amazing!!",5.0
"I have taken my A6 to get serviced at Audi N. Scottsdale numerous times and the service that was provided was amazing, best service expedience out of any dealer I've been too. Courteous, helpful, and awesome service reps. I drive 30 miles from my house ( Peoria, AZ) to get service done at this dealership. 

Whenever I have dropped off my car, I was always provided a loaner car. 

KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYS! one very happy customer here.",5.0
"Always a good experience at Audi North Scottsdale. All staff is kind, professional and accommodating. Service advisor Jason Brown was especially helpful in assisting my family and I with all of our needs. Everything was taken care of in a swift and pleasant manner. I definitely will be back!",5.0
I had afternoon tea here and I find the scones unique because of the fruit used in scones. Service was good as well and a fair selection of teas. I would def be back when I'm in Pittsburgh!,4.0
"Very good food, nice atmosphere, good service, and they even wear traditional ethnic ""a-THAI-er""!",4.0
"Great Nachos, even if there not on the menu.  Order the chicken nachos with cheese, pico and caso.  They are Great!",4.0
Pretty freaking good! The vegan chili is worth it.,5.0
"Who doesn't love to be pampered? I love coming here, it's very relaxing right from the time you enter the place. The front staff have always been very friendly and I've always had a relaxing massage. I ended up signing up for a membership because I liked it so much... Now I can't wait for my month to go by so I can get another massage.

I highly recommend Allison, she is wonderful! 

I haven't tried the facials yet but will do that soon!",5.0
Natural Blendz makes excellent fresh juices and smoothies. Love 'em. We go here whenever we're in the neighborhood.,5.0
"This is a great new gym coming to the Safeway anchored shopping center at Happy Valley & 39th Ave.   The service and staff are very friendly, plus they have some great packages!",5.0
"Like others, I found this studio through a Living Social coupon.  It is a great studio.  Kim is so friendly and fun.  I would highly recommend the yoga classes.  They are both challenging and relaxing!  It is a small studio, but that gives it a really nice, intimate feel.  I definitely recommend it!",5.0
"Very quiet, low-key atmosphere (no music). If you're looking for a high-energy, buzzin' joint, this is not it. You would definitely come here for the food, not the experience. I stopped by on a weekday evening to meet a couple of friends. We were the only customers for the almost 2 hours we were there. It was a little warm for my liking but I know we're in the middle of summer & some places have a hard time cooling down. I think pricing was average for the amount & quality of food. They didn't skimp on portions! It also came out quickly & was really tasty! I got their Nagasaki Sara Udon which comes with 2 Inari Sushi. I had way more than enough for leftovers the next day. Surprisingly the Inari Sushi was kind of the highlight! Can I order 10 of those & just stuff my face until I'm fat & happy?? I'd love to come back & try some of their family style sushi dishes!",4.0
"So I finally found some time to try the much praised Slider Truck.  Almost missed the  truck since I was expecting a large crowd, but thank goodness I caught a glimpse of it and there were no crowds!

The guys behind the counter were super friendly.  They were happy to help out with suggestions.  I ordered the Pep, Captain's, Caprese, and Yaya.   Unfortunately they had run out of the pulled pork.  I also got an order of my favorite sweet potato fries.  My sliders came first 'cause the cook forgot about my fires, but no worries since that just meant my fires were nice and hot!

When I finally got to try these mythical mini-burgers, I was definitely not disappointed!  They were tastey, so much so I literally inhaled the first three.  Seriously, I forgot how to chew, the sliders were that good.

The caprese was the most forgettable of the four, still very good though.  The Pep and Captain's were similar, both were very fresh, with the greens and tomatoes coming through.  The super sauce on the Pep came through nicely, while the feta on the Captain's was a nice addition to the texture.  My favorite however, was the Yaya.  For whatever reason, maybe because I slowed down and chewed, all the flavors worked well together.  The nice, hot and fresh sweet potato fries smelled incredible.  Sweet potato with a hint of cinnamon.  It was more of a dessert than a side!

My only regrets after my first visit to the Slider Truck, was that I did not order in multiples of three, since that is the most bang for your buck and they were out of the Porkie sandwich!  Other than that, it was a great experience: good food, friendly non-pretentious service, super casual atomosphere.",5.0
"Slidin' Thru ignited the Vegas food truck scene back in 2010..... Slidin' Thru HQ made it easier to get your hands on their tasty mini burgs without having to track the truck down.....Now, you can triple your chances and get them here at Slidin' Thru NW!!!!

I popped in during their soft opening and as you step inside, fist bumps all around, and the workers are all looking like Ric Guerrero with their black caps and glasses!

Cool artwork and an assortment of Slidin' Thru Streatwear decorate the walls. Other cool additions besides a drive-thru where you can get some windowlove if you're in a hurry
are a couple of insta-gram screens where you can post and tag photos and send tweets instantly with your smart phone...SWEET!!!

Menu items are the same-all your favorite mini burgs and superfries are here, and they will also be serving milkshakes too!  
Congrats Ric and the Slidin' Thru family on your latest addition, and welcome to the neighborhood!

The Slidin' Thru NW Official Grand Opening is Tomorrow at 5pm with some cool swag for the first few lucky customers.....BE THERE!!!!!ALOHA!!!!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(110/365) ""Slidin' Thru 3.0""",5.0
"In a nutshell, Escobar is a gem.  A casual little place in an admittedly uninspiring small strip mall, and from the outside you'd never know what deliciousness awaits you.  It's run by a local family, and the mom & pop vibe is evident in both service and sustenance.  The menu isn't extensive, which I like- unpretentious and positively delicious dishes prepared with love and taste like an practiced Mexican grandma labored in the kitchen to present you with an incredible, authentic family meal (rather than cheddar melted over canned refried beans!).  The prices are reasonable, it's kid-friendly, every dish I've had is scrumptious, and the icing on the cake is that their margaritas are extraordinary!",5.0
"Sushiholic is a solid sushi spot for the Arcadia area. It is right across the street from my office, so it has become a staple in my weekly food adventures.

I really love their happy hour- they have great deals on sushi rolls, raw sushi, and even other food! I met my boyfriend here for lunch a few weeks ago and he got a combination box. There was so much food in there- chicken, rice, salad, cream cheese wontons, an orange! I can't believe how much food you get for the price!

I have had their raw tuna, salmon, and yellowtail. All were excellent. They also do take-out very efficiently and fast. Every time I have called an order to-go I get it super quick within fifteen minutes! Woohoo!

If you like raw fish, you will definitely like their sushi. If you want to grab a bite with someone who isn't a raw fish connoisseur then bring them here- they have plenty of other tasty options as well!",4.0
"SushiHolic ADDICT I am!!

Simply delicious & the staff are sweet (they get to know you by name)!  

They had a special of live raw shrimp that was beautifully prepared & soooooo sweet!!  Made me JUMP when they pre-showed me the shrimp when it moved within the water lol. Ohhhhhh oooooops was yummy!

Freshly made ceviche SPECIAL (will depend on freshness & availability). Only made by Chef Felipe & not on menu but should be!!  OMG YUMMINESS & freakin' delish!!!

Tempura udon has a great broth & actually all their dishes have great sauces. Squid & the cucumber salad were both very nice!  Galbi & their fried rice reminded me of my mom's!!

They have awesome lunch specials!!  Great happy hour pricing & slightly different reverse happy hour pricing right after HH til closing. 

Also, they will accommodate special requests: like extra spicy mmmmmmmmmm.  

One of my new faves & Asian craving within walking distance!!  Woohoo!!

FYI: They do have their liquor license-from prior reviews/tips.",5.0
"Authentic noodles derailed with a blanket of oil. 

For dinner the lady and I decided to check out this place and their hand made noodles. I ordered the eggplant chicken and she ordered the tofu chicken, both with knife cut noodles and the beef pancakes on the side. 

Pros: Amazing noodles! 

Cons: Both dishes were drenched with oil, especially the tofu chicken; Eggplant chicken literally had only 4 small pieces of eggplant and a majority of green and red peppers (dish should be called bell pepper chicken instead); both dishes were salty (we probably drank 2L of water); did I say the dishes were oily (you could feel a film in your mouth after drinking water). 

Overall impression: 2.5 stars. Only dine here if your primary physician permits.",3.0
Best pizza in the area. I don't know about there other Italian dishes because I can't help but eat pizza every time I come here. So good. Very large NY style pies. Highly recommended.,5.0
"Outstanding. 
Adorable place. Super friendly staff and just about the BEST veggie sandwich I've ever had. Can't wait to come back.",5.0
"They catered a two day course I was taking and I have never had such delicious food at a conference. At the end of the first day, I only wanted to know if they would be back for day two. They catered breakfast, lunch, and snacks and literally everything they offered was delicious (and yes, I tried almost all of it). I have only positive things to say about this great place (and people)!",5.0
"Pretty good little hipster joint. 

I had the chicken sandwich and it was delicious. I did take out for lunch as I work down the street. 

I would recommend this to anyone looking for a specialty sandwich! 

The place is rather small and I'm not sure how busy it gets.",5.0
"SEATING RECOMMENDATION BELOW...

Definitely the top Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas! Having already seen Mystere, I wanted to make O my second Cirq show to see how it compared. Well, I wasn't disappointed. O exceeded my expectations and beyond. It's a great show, family friendly, and visually spectacular. The show leaves you wondering what you just watched, it's so wam bam and in your face artistic beauty. 

The show runs 90 mins from start to finish and you'll want to come about 15-20 mins early to get thru the ticketing line and to your seats. The show isn't like some of the other Cirq shows, there's little audience involvement. Although it seems like they're picking random people, the people they're picking are clearly planted in the audience.

My SEATING RECOMMENDATION is to not sit close to the stage. In fact, the closer you are the worse your seats will be... because if you're too close you'll be straining your neck the entire show looking up and won't be able to see the entire stage. The best seats are in the 200s, upper orchestra section,  closest to center as possible. The lower orchestra towards the back isn't bad either. Stay away from too close and too far (balcony is pretty far and things will seem a little small). 

Overall, O is a spectacular show. Whether it's your first O show or you've seen others, you won't be disappointed in O at the Bellagio!!!",5.0
"O yeah. This was my first Vegas show and it was amazing. I loved every second of it.

Seats: Section 103, F 6/7. Damn. Great. Seats. (But that's just my opinion. I could see how being a few rows back to see a bit more of the stage as a whole would be better for some people.)

Price: yeah, expensive...but that's why you should be a MLife players club member and get that shiz 2-for-1 and stop your bitchin'!

It's so different seeing these kind of acrobatics and aerial stunts in person. How can somebody's body do that? It is truly impressive. Everything was really beautiful.

My only complaint is that I didn't have more pairs of eyeballs to take everything in. I guess this just means that I'll have to see it again!",5.0
"An amazing show from start to finish.  Had front row seats on the left and no problems seeing everything.  You only get a little wet, no ""shamu""-ing.  The live music was beautiful and the clown acts are truly funny.  

Highly exceeded expectations.",5.0
Julie and Kane were really helpful and friendly. Had a good experience soon as I walked into the store. I'd definitely shop in here again because of them two.,5.0
"Great food if you don't go after 2pm. We have been there several times lately after 2 and their lunch specials end at 3. Our food has not been warm enough and the cooks in the back come out shortly with large servings of food for 2 people in the back and the lady in the front. When they sit down to eat, they ignore if you need any thing and act when you need your bill that you shouldn't bother them.  If we can't go before 2, we will go another place in the area. I will say their food is great when it's hot and you get great a plate that's full of food.",3.0
"Before you even think about purchasing anything from Dealfind, do an internet search where you will find thousands of testimonials on this scam, including an ""F"" rating from the Better Business Bureau.  

Now do your part and spread the word to help shut down this unreputable business, with its over inflated pricing of product values and criminal oriented refund policy.  From what I've seen, the only companies that advertise product with them are on the brink of going under.  A good company will stand on its own merits and won't need to try and sucker in a few more customers before they close their doors.",1.0
"Valet is a joke, extremely long wait times.  NYC and Chicago high and hotels are more quick to get your cars.  Have issues with checkout system, was automatically checked out at 5AM which made for a great surprise when I can back to my room. Lovely 

Nice modern hotel, lacking in basic services and customer service.",1.0
Beautiful resort would've given 5 stars but the buffet was terribleotherwise everything else was amazing!,4.0
"Our GO-TO hotel when in Las Vegas. We've been coming here for years and there's really no reason to stay anywhere else. Trust me, we've tried them all! It's the southern most hotel on the strip and home to the BEST POOL IN VEGAS. Their beds are cozy and the bathrooms are huge! Every luxury in one location and a free tram that takes you to the Luxor and Excalibur.
The only thing negative (does not affect the rating) is that the hotel is conveniently close to the McCarran airport and it can get annoying hearing planes taking off every 60 seconds.",5.0
"Me and my boyfriend really liked this resort. We got the resort king room, which was very spacious and comfortable. The bed was soft like we were sleeping on clouds and the bathroom had a bathtub and shower with two sinks in the vanity area so we each had our own. We are definitely coming back to this hotel next time we go to vegas.",5.0
Made myself and husband very sick. Poor service. Poor quality food. Our child's food was not edible. Disappointed and probably will not return.,1.0
"Great atmosphere, food was great, staff was amazing, beergarita's are wonderful.",5.0
"If you're looking for good margaritas and a fun atmosphere this is definitely the place. The food isn't spectacular, it's sized right for the price.  I had ordered the Poki  bowl and the only thing that actually had flavor was the tuna, everything else in it was pretty bland.  Very cool place for HH though!",4.0
I took my wife here for a spa day on our wedding anniversary. It was amazing the staff and facility at this spa are nothing short of flawless. We will be returning to this spa and will be recommending it.,5.0
"While out and about early on a Sunday looking for a bite to eat we saw their tiny lit up sign in the window that read ""OPEN"".  I looked at the hubs and we thought...why not!  They offer a full menu on Sundays along with a brunch menu. 

We decided on a full meal rather than brunch.  I split the small chopped salad that tasted great!  It was full of fresh cut meats and cheese along with some red onion and garbanzo beans.  All tossed in their great tasting caesar dressing.  I had the rigatoni bolognese.  The serving was HUGE and was incredible.  We were served some bread that tasted fresh!

Service was spectacular!  Our water glasses were filled multiple times.  I look forward to stopping my their deli in the near future or even planning a night out with my husband.  This place has a great warm ambiance.  I noticed they have a nice looking bar too!",4.0
"Giving three stars because the food was good as usual and normally the service is good. This is the first time the service was very bad. It took a long time to have our order taken and even though a glass of wine was ordered during the initial drink request she didn't bring it out until the food came out and it had to be asked for twice.   My tea glass sit empty, we were only checked on once and we were not asked if we wanted desert or coffee. We were very surprised at the service this time as it is usually perfect.",3.0
"Tried this one out tonight after an disappointing dinner at Donburi.  Hoping to salvage a bad night, we figured why not try this new place.  There were only two people inside so it shouldn't take that long.... well did..  

Found out the desserts were made to order and we figured it was fine since we're not in a hurry. Ordered some souffle and tea and creme brulee.  Almost everything came after a good 30 or so minutes.... thinking they may still be making the creme brulee I just waited... everyone finished their drinks and dessert while my order still didn't show up.  Asked for it and turns out they didn't even key it in.  They offered to enter the order in but it would take another 15-20 mins... SERIOUSLY?  

Such a very disappointing experience.  A word of advice for the owner, you should rethink your business plan.  A made to order dessert business is good if it is for pick up or if you're catering to parties but to have a small cafe like that, you need to be able to serve your customer much faster.  

Also, if you're going to have your customers wait that long, you HAVE to make sure they are looked after.",1.0
All of my food was old and obviously microwaved. The cheese in my jalapeo poppers were rubbery. My tacos were still cold. I don't really expect much from a fast food place but it could have been better!,1.0
Pulled pork and brisket were amazing. Shared 1/2lb of each with toast and beans and coleslaw. It was plenty of food for two. You might need to wait a minute but it's well worth it.,5.0
"Bayside has one of the nicest dining areas among the Strip buffets.  The food selection is average and is good quality.  Iced tea is NOT brewed (a big ""no no"" in my restaurant evaluation criteria).  Compromise on dessert quality if you need to cut corners but make sure you fresh brew the iced tea.  

The best item on the day I visited was the prime rib.  It was tender, had nice flavor and was not bloody so you know they roasted it a while.  The food selection is not as vast as Bellagio, Wynn or M Resort but the price is commensurate with the selection.  

The service was good even after the server shift change.  

There are ATM style kiosks at the beginning of the line to automate payments.  The user interface was simple.  

Bayside is A-Ok 3 stars.",3.0
"The Dobson/Galveston office always seems to get my daughters in either same day or next day, which I appreciate. Last visit, we were pleased to meet CPNP Natalie Larson. She came in upbeat  and prepared. Was very knowledgeable in the subject and answered all of our questions without rushing us in any way. Additionally, she added to our convenience by sending prescriptions directly to our pharmacy using her laptop. This office is always very efficient, and we feel fortunate to have them so close to our home.",5.0
"Huge portions...our waiter looked like The guy from Fast n Furious...service was fast, clean, and quality was excellent",5.0
Mark Kia was awesome. Bryce worked with me to get a car I wanted in a reasonable time and considering my situation he did great!,5.0
"Food is overrated! The papaya salad was awful, 2 stars for the pad thai. The food portions are small for the price. I will never be back here .",2.0
"Saw this ""soda bus"" at Abari Game Bar a couple weeks ago, and made a point to definitely stop by at some point. It is an old VW bus that the owners converted themselves, and it is SO cute!

Hart's Soda Shop serves homemade sodas, floats and sundaes. We had a flight of sodas during this past Food Truck Festival. We tried the Mint Cucumber, Orange Cream, Root Beer and Dirty Chai. They were all really good, and a lot less sweet than typical sodas which is a really nice change! The flight was served in a really cute container. One of the owners even stopped by to ask about the flight experience, since this is a new item to their menu.

Stopped by a couple hours later and had the Unicorns Do Exist ice cream sundae. This is vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup and sprinkles served in a cup with a cone dipped in chocolate syrup and sprinkles on top. The cone is upside down on top of the ice cream in the cup, so it looks like a unicorn horn. It was excellent! You could see the vanilla beans throughout the ice cream, so you know it is definitely high end. As we were walking to our car, a family even asked where I got my sundae. I'm sure the cone sticking out the top definitely piqued their interest! Of course, I pointed them in Hart's direction.

I can't wait to visit them again, and try a float and more soda flavors! They are certainly worth checking out!",4.0
"Try they carrot cake, it is tasty. We get one every week and always fresh.
Great bakery.",5.0
"This was going to be my new go to spot.  Hooked up with 4 friends here, a few times.  Each time we ordered a meat lovers pizza. Which was great every time. Then!!!! I went back by myself,  just the pizza.  It was not cooked! Raw! Rubber,  all wrong. Sent it back. Waiter bought another pizza back on the house. It was worst.  Anyway..  found out they has a new cook old cook not there anymore. I will be back we the hire the right cook again",3.0
"I had no idea what I was getting into the first time I dined here. I mean, I knew it was a steak house, but didn't have any expectations.

When I arrived, my friend wasn't there yet, so the hostess invited me to have a drink at the bar while I waited. There was a gentleman playing the piano and singing. I ordered a drink. The bartender was very personable. He told stories, gave recommendations, and sang.

Finally, I went back to the hostess stand to be seated at my table. Shortly thereafter, my friend showed up. We ordered off the Restaurant Week menu (the reason why we had decided to eat here). I had the Del's Salad, the Handcut Filet, and the Cheesecake with strawberry topping.

The salad was amazingly different. It was topped with two strips of bacon and an avocado dressing. Altogether, it was delicious, but I didn't want to spoil my appetite so I only ate about half of it. When my filet arrived, we were asked to cut into it to make sure it was cooked to my liking. It was. The meat was so soft and seasoned to perfection. It was the best steak I had had in a very long time. The dessert was on point as well. To be up front, I'm not the big of a sweets person, but this cheesecake was to die for! It was light and not dense, and not too sweet either like how some frozen cheesecakes taste. This one felt as though it was homemade from scratch. I also need to rave about their banana bread pudding that my friend ordered. I was hesitant because I'm not a fan of banana flavored things. But this was easily one of the best bread puddings ever. It was perfectly soft and sweet and the banana wasn't too overpowering.

Our server did accidentally charged us for three people instead of two, but he quickly fixed this error. 

Del Frisco's was SO GOOD, I went back to eat there again the following week. I would easily recommend this steak house to ANY ONE living in or visiting Las Vegas.

Also, if you do go, ask to see the James Bond table! Super cool AND the girls know everything about it!",5.0
"My first upscale steakhouse chain dinner in Vegas was a 4-star review. This one was not as good.

I went to Del Frisco's for a private group dinner this week, covered fully by the host. I was anticipating a great dinner and primed to compare it fully with Fleming's, where I'd had a similar complimentary-for-guests meal.

Service here was certainly great, with constant water refills and timely plate changes and utensil removal. Judging from web site descriptions of private dining options, we got the Sports Room; the three television sets were reasonable for our purposes, albeit a little on the small side. Light and background music control were present.

As for food, I wasn't as fully impressed. It appears that we got a slightly adjusted Dinner Menu One, priced at $79 per person (similar to the listed price of my other meal, but with considerably fewer appetizers).

Complimentary bread and butter: fluffy bread coated with sesame seeds and fluffy butter. Pretty standard stuff.

Del's Salad: the only option for the first course. All the veggies were fresh and crisp, and the creamy dressing was addictive. The bacon was delicious, although not very crispy. It required considerable effort with the butter knife to cut it apart. I would've also appreciated more croutons on the plate, not just two modestly sized cubes.

8 oz. Filet Mignon: my choice, rather than the Roasted Chicken Breast or Salmon with Lobster Tomato Jus. I was instructed to cut it in half upon its presentation (on a very hot plate) to ensure proper doneness, and it was a very pink medium-rare. Tenderness was evident, as expected. However, the flavor just wasn't there. Whether it's a lack of seasoning on the crust or a less-than-stellar aging process, I was let down by my steak.

Green Beans and Chateau Potatoes: two side dishes, both served onto my steak plate upon my verbal confirmation and then left in the middle of the table. I loved the crunchy, buttery green beans but could've used a touch more salt and a lot more flavor in the potatoes. They were a mix of huge potato chunks and some mashed parts, which was fine, but I didn't find myself wanting to clean off that plate.

Chocolate Mousse: chose this for dessert rather than the Cheesecake with Strawberries. I'd been disappointed recently with various chocolate mousse desserts around town, but this was delicious and dark enough all the way through. Texture was consistently smooth as well. The raspberries were fresh but overpowering, so I opted to devour them quickly before enjoying the chocolate alone.

The red wine was okay. I overheard that it was a Malbec, but I wasn't intrigued enough to look into it further. They also aren't generous with the refills, which is probably best for the safety of all parties involved.

I would've given Del Frisco's 3.5 stars based on this meal, but I don't have the option of half stars and I certainly can't give it equal footing with my other recent steakhouse dinner. Maybe I'll come back in the future to try some other menu items, but I won't be in a hurry.",3.0
"I read some negative feedback about this centre and decided to find out myself the real story....and here is my honest opinion.

I love that it's super close to the bus stop - it's just a half block walk from the bus stop on King street (which turns out to be a perfect distance to cool down period after sweating like a pig for 90 minutes).

The open space which makes up the reception /resting or cooling area is dimly lit which gives it a nice calm feeling, particularly useful after 90 minutes of sweating.

I LOVE the instructors here, who seem to genuinely care about your practice. 
They correct your posture every time you need it, until you've got it perfect; and they let you know that you're doing it right. They remind you constantly that you need to focus on what you can do at your own level; push yourself if you can, but don't force it - remember that doing it right(right posture, right breathing etc) is more important than doing it more(but in wrong form). Should you fall out of your pose, they will encourage you to jump right back in. They will share their water with you if they see that you need it but haven't got any. They will explain what the benefits of each posture are. And if consistency is something that you like, the instructors here use a script (I think) and have just about the same message, structure and poses every time.  I particularly love the attention they give to newbies -which I feel, is how it should be - They are truly awesome; no hibijibi nonsense.
They warn you that it will be hard and that you will sweat like dirty pigs; one instructor even called it the ""torture chamber"" - but they also tell you that you WILL get better and to give it at least 3 tries before you give up - which I find is usually the day people realize how wonderful it is.
But for those who don't want to invest in buying a mat until they tried it, there is rental everything - mats, towels...and you can buy everything there too- gear, mats, towels, water bottles. 
Don't rent the towel for the mats though - it really smells, so much so that you wonder if it was washed...and a couple of postures require you to ""kiss the mat"".

There is a washer and dryer to wash your towel or gear while you cool down and wait in the long line up for the shower(there are 3 per sex) to become available.

This is the only studio which I've been to that has complimentary tea available in the ""cooling"" area - and great furniture - loungers, medicine balls, bean bags...etc. They are the only ones who offer cotton swabs, Q-tips and tampons in the woman's washroom.
It's also the only one which seem to keep a basket of lost and found stuff for people to rummage through.

What you will notice as you walk through the narrow hallway (Crammed with mat drying hangers, fans to cool them and washer and dryer) is THE STENCH. I thought it was just old sweat-dried clothes and feet smell(to know what I'm talking about, get some old clothes you did rigorous exercise in or get a sports teams uniform after a game, let it sit in a pile for a week or more), understandable in a yoga studio that only does HOT yoga - where 20 or more people sweat for 90 minutes 5 times a day. But then again....it wasn't like that at other studios.....anyway, it's not pleasant.

Then my friend pointed it out: it smells like SWEATY BALL SACKS.
There is no other smell like it - it's very distinctive...that's what the rental towels for the mats smell like...yum...

So the place is not for the weaker stomach or super sensitive noses....who want the ""flowery holistic experience"". It's not for newbies who haven't done ANY physical exercise in the past 5 years, because you'll have difficulty breathing in the heat, let alone move in it.  But it's a great place for those who want to sweat, be challenged and be corrected - you can come here and be privy to a different kind of yoga experience.",4.0
"The southern is my favorite. I recommend Evans Old Town Grill to everyone. It's an excellent restaurant that provides great service and delicious food. Next time your in Boulder city, give it a try.",5.0
One of the best wraps in the downtown core! I recently found out about this place from a coworker and I'm addicted! Make sure to try the flank steak wrap when you visit!,4.0
What great service! I love how friendly and helpful everyone is. My iPad was fixed in less than an hour and a half! I will definitely be coming back!,5.0
"Booked a reservation on Opentable for my girlfriend's birthday and it couldn't have been better. I arranged flowers to be at the table when we arrived and the staff made us feel important with a second floor table overlooking the bar, basically all by ourselves. 

The food is phenomenal. Not mentioning a specific dish here because I've had most of the options and every one of them was something I'd eat again in a heartbeat. 

The location seems a little dicey at first but as soon as the complimentary valet takes your car the restaurant seems like its own little island in Phoenix.",5.0
"The new melt is absolutely fantastic. Wonderful atmosphere just like the old one, and now there isn't an hour long wait! Had the ""big Popper"" which is basically a sandwich-sized jalapeno Popper with cream cheese. It was fantastic although I hate how the menu doesn't tell you when its a fried sandwich.  Awesome as always.",5.0
"I read the other yelp reviews and foolishly shopped there anyway. Their company policies are ridiculous, rigid and should put them into bankruptcy unless they change. I lost 500$, but they lost sooooo much more than that because I'll never darken their door again. Buyer beware!",1.0
"Tavern 245 may have possibly saved mine and my good friend's life. After arriving late to Pittsburgh due to a flight delay, we asked a snotty cab driver to take us to a fast food drive through for something greasy, we had been traveling for about 13 hours and needed the sustenance he replied he didn't eat fast food.  So we wondered the streets of Pittsburgh at 12:30 at night, going door to door for food and finally made it to Tavern 245, where the coolest bartender gave us directions to get food, which we would not have found because the restaurant was on the second floor. After we ordered the food it was going to take 15 minutes so we ran back to have a beer while we waited, I went with an Ale and a Sam Adams October fest, I believe each were around $5. Then the bartender suggested we have the food delivered there so we did and had the best wings, pizza and beer ever. 

Came back the next day for happy hour, same cool ass bartender  was there and he made us a gin and tonic that was so good, so strong, so large, and so cheap ($4) it deserves its own 5 star review.",5.0
"I wish I could give zero stars to the owner MJ for his highly unprofessional business practice regarding the sudden closure of his Scottsdale StudioFit less than 2 weeks before Christmas. Things were great when a number of us joined mid 2015. Despite a change in managers and trainers, we remained loyal but we never once saw or met MJ. When we received the announcement that the gym was closing, we were bummed but hey, things happen. What really sucks is (unbeknownst to his staff), MJ came in 2 days before Christmas and ripped out all of the equipment! Save for a couple of sandbags, dumbbells and 1 Bosu ball, we had nothing! And to add insult to injury, we all got charged our final billing on the 25th for $18-$19. What a joke. MJ, your lack of professionalism speaks volumes. Your fantastic Scottsdale staff and loyal members deserved much better.",1.0
"Came here on 3/27/15
Stayed at the Luxor for 2 nights and the person at the check in desk offered that we can come to this club called LAX for free and be on the guest list. Luckily it was free because it is definitely not worth your time and money to even check this place out. 

Just go down the strip and find a better place than this. The go go dancers on the pillars are there to just attract people to this lame place. Small dance floor and no seating at all. The seating is all for bottle service. My gal friends got a wrist band for 3 free drinks that only can have vodka. Lame rule. 

Music was definitely replayed or looped because I heard a song being played twice in less than an hour. What kind of place plays Bon Jovi right after a rap song? Dumbest transitions of music! 

The location may seem big but once you walk just a tad, you'll notice that's all this place has for space. At least the club has a bar on each end of the SMALL dance floor. Hey guys, it's $18 for an AMF (not strong). Surprisingly enough, it wasn't as hot nor stuffy despite the place was pretty packed for a while. 

They have a somewhat strict dress code. My friend was nicely dressed but had teal blue Adidas and they didn't allow him in. He did go back to our room and changed shoes though. We went in and we saw a dude with a regular tshirt, jeans and vans. What happened to that ""strict dress code"" sign outside of that club? 

I'm really glad that my party and I got in for free because if I ended up paying, I would feel jipped and disappointed. Do yourself a favor and skip this club even if you have a ""free guest list accommodation"". There are many clubs just up the strip. This place is deceiving, small and very disappointing. If you're desperate, pregame at least. I'm not coming back here thats for sure.",1.0
"LAX for me is one of those clubs that play very good music!! If you love hip hop and old school from the 90's with music now, you are at the right club! It does get crowded where there is only standing room so be prepared and just enjoy it all!!",4.0
"Husband needed a DOT physical. DR. Rossi was thorough but very fair. He answered all questions my husband had. It was great experience! My husband was very happy with the visit and will definitely be recommending him to his coworkers!!  Thanks again, Dr. Rossi!!!!",5.0
"Don't lie. You know the food. You know the chain. You eat too many breadsticks, too much soup and salad. 

The service at this location is excellent. To help sell their wines, they will offer your table small tastings. This was done congenially, with friendly attentiveness for my 84yo grandmother and 90yo grandfather. Accommodations were made to ease my grandpa's infirmities and someone helped him navigate the restaurant to our table. Thank you!",4.0
Brought 3 small children. Had the $11.99 Alfredo specials AND used an email coupon for a free dessert. The staff treated us like we we're spending a million dollars. The manager checked on us a few times. They spoiled us completely. It was like being at the Four Seasons. They were so sweet with the children. Will go back again for sure.,5.0
"There are many other pasta places in town that I'd choose over Olive Garden. But they boyfriend had a gift card and free money is free money, right? The night before we ran a 5K, we decided to pay OG a visit and carb up. 

There was about a 15 minute wait when we arrived on a Friday night. Looking around, there were plenty of tables opened, but I guess they were short on staff. A couple of booths were open at the bar area along with plenty of bar seating but we were never offered a spot there. We decided to wait it out. No biggie. 

Our server provided speedy service. No complaints here. They had a great deal going on: three course Italian dinner for $12.95.

Appetizer: You can choose from unlimited salad or soup. I chose the salad. Your typical appetizer salad. My boyfriend got chicken gnocchi soup. This was alright. Gnocchi had a grainy consistency to it. But the soup was tasty. He finished the bowl. Hot and fresh breadsticks were also brought out. No sauce. Sauce is an extra charge. 

Entree: I got the three cheese ravioli. Your typical ravioli. I really wish I had hot sauce to give it some flavor. I should seriously carry a bottle of hot sauce in my bag at all times for this! Anyways, my boyfriend got the Penne di Mare. This is pretty good. Small pieces of shrimp with cream sauce over penne pasta. Apparently, scallops were supposed to be in this dish. I didn't see any, but the dish definitely had the scallop-seafoody taste. 

Dessert: I got the chocolate mousse cake. Pretty darn decadent. I think this was the best part of the meal. But then again, I love anything chocolate. Give me chocolate and I'm easily satisfied. Boyfriend got the strawberry and white chocolate dolcini. This is way too sweet. Stay away. 

Overall experience was alright. We got what we came for (carbs, carbs, carbs) and left with a full belly. But the next time I come here will be only when I have a gift card to spend freely.",3.0
I had the green chili burger with the brussel sprout hash.  Excellent!  The design aesthetic in the place is great.  I love the large black and white photo on the west wall.,5.0
"The options available to customize your coffee or tea make coming to Crazy Mocha fun (instead of Starbucks or Dunkin). The downside to the Oakland location, however, is that very few people can actually hang out in there. In the past, I've had to pick up my coffee with a friend and then awkwardly relocate to Starbucks down the street (hehe). 

Service is great, biscotti is fresh, and the chai lattes are wonderful. Stop in sometime if you have a hankering for caffeine.",4.0
"Stayed in Gold Spike tower. They remodled an old downtown hotel to try to make it a trendy boutique hotel. Well a coat of paint and cheap artwork is what you get. My room door lock didnt work, the toilet didnt flush either. Downstairs turns into a nightclub every night and the next morning there is drinks spilled all over the floor. 
Now for the real pain in the ass...  in order to get into the hotel at night you have to go through the main front door which turns into the nightclub front door and the line is wrapped around the building so you have to wait in the line just to get into your hotel room. After a long day this is not what I need.

Resort Fee... I found a coupon online for $29/nite weekday. Get to the hotel and they tell me there is an additional $25/nite resort fee!

Its a fun hotel and great location plus you get free parking.",3.0
Every hyatt place hotel I go yo have a very small bathroom. U have to step in then close the door. Breakfast free but they don't clean there dishes. We saw food stuck together on plates and even the manager scrap off food on one.  The price for hotel is good.,3.0
THIS RATING IS IN THE REFUND POLICY. ..I RESERVED A ROOM FOR MAY5TH....HOWEVER I HAD TO CANCEL..I DID SO APRIL 24TH..AT THAT TIME THEY HAD ALREADY CHARGED MY CARD 125.00... KOOL.. WHEN I CANCELED I REQUESTED A REFUND...THERE WAS NO CANCELLATION FEE..!! Booking.com. call the hotel. .And i was to wait 7-10days.. I call back again May1st.. I was told it shoud be in my account May5th ...that the hotal was just refunding my money the Friday before .OK..HERE WE GO ..I called back again today May9th.. Booking.com called the hotel..And guess what?  THEY HADDEN REFUND MY MONEY YET..BUT WAS GOING TO DO SO TODAY..AND I SHOULD HAVE MY REFUND IN 5DAYS...You gotta be kidding me!!! Im about to blow a gasket because of the principle. .And oh yea. .i want my freakn money...REALLY! !! Booking. Com has to REFUND MY MONEY IF I DONT RECIEVE IN 5DAYS... At this point im supper PISSED...But however if i dont recieve my money in 5 or less days...ima tke to social media..the local news.  whover will listen #BOOKING. COM #HYATT PLACE. can kick rocks. .play i quick sand..run into traffic wthout looking..jump off a bridge...and play with fire after bathing in gasoline...!!!!! Yall done pissed off my #CAPRICORN..ok IM DONE!!!! #1835417441...,1.0
"After a year in Toronto, I'm pretty confident about claiming that Sense Appeal has the best, most consistent, most expertly-made espresso in town. For that alone they get five stars.

They also get a rousing round of applause for their house made treats and tasty light lunches, and a kowtow for being open Sundays even though they mostly serve the local graphic design, PR, and ad agency offices.

Tip: If all you're after is drip, you can skip the line and put $2 in the can at the till.",5.0
"I came here with a Groupon deal - $15 for $30 food. The platter we ordered was tasty and the portions HUGE (three of us couldn't finish the plate for two!), but the service was VERY slow. I wouldn't come here if you're hoping for a quick bite.",3.0
"This place and especially our last visit there was nearly perfect.

I called in advance to ask about parking (normally we've cabbed it uptown or taken the light rail, but this time we were driving and didn't know if the restaurant validated at a nearby lot, didn't matter, we found street parking right across from the Market) and spoke with a young woman who was pleasant.

We decided this time that instead of ordering nine different small plates, we would start with one then order two more and see how we were feeling.  Good call, we were stuffed. All in all the wife and I have been here a bunch and have tried just about everything on the menu and it has all been at the least 8/10 stars for taste and quality, so you really cannot go wrong, just order what sounds good for you at that time.

Beer/Wine selection is awesome for me (not so much for the prego wife) always a good list of great beer.

The only thing that holds our most recent visit back from a full 5 stars was the crappy attitude the hostess had. Horrible.  When I tell you we want a table, and you indicate we can sit at the bar, and we reply that we don't want to sit at the bar and would prefer to wait, don't give me the stink eye, do your job, walk around the MASSIVE dining room and see where people are at in their dinner service.  Then MAYBE extend some courtesy and say something, I don't know, along the lines of ""Well feel free to wait at the bar or right over here and I'll come and get you when a table is ready..""  Or just stare at us uncomfortably for a few moments.

Thank the lord above our server more than made up for the inexperience up front, she was quick, funny, and her timing was excellent.

Of course we'll be back, just hoping we don't have to deal with negative Nancy up front again.",4.0
"It's apparent there is some secret password for great food or something. People that had good food here, what's the secret? Is there a secret menu? It's really odd that all the reviews are either really good or really bad, with none that are mediocre.

I gave this place another shot and ordered crispy pork with chinese broccoli. When I saw it on the menu I was doing the happy dance. I usually order this at the local thai  places in LA, it's so good. A dish that is pretty simple but amazing when cooked right. When I ordered this, the owner was surprised and asked if I was Thai (which I am not, but I am asian and grew up in LA so I've had more than my fair share of thai food).. I was thinking oh yeah, he got intrigued by my order... this is going to be legit. 

What the hell! The pork was not crispy at all! The hugest let down ever. There is nothing worst than chewy, rubbery pork belly especially when it is meant to be crispy.  

I know all you loyal customers are thinking... whatever she does not know thai food and is not ordering the right stuff. Blah, blah... but I'm sorry, any Thai restaurant should have Pad Thai down, at the very least. 

Fooled me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me!

P.S. I'm really convinced that there is a secret menu because the Pad Thai I described in my previous post did not look the very least like the one in the photo that someone posted here!",2.0
"Just got an incredible massage from Karen! Judit is not my go-to place because it is pretty tiny and I prefer something a bit more modern, but I will definitely keep coming back for her massage. The pressure was perfect and it was relaxing but still really made a difference in my tight hips, IT band and shoulders that get tight from running/sitting at a desk all day. Amazing!",4.0
"BF and I are a big fan of Bobby Flay, so we were pretty excited to eat at Mesa. Sadly, Bobby was not there, and to my chagrin our server said we just missed him; he was there the week before. Ah well. 

The restaurant is bright and elegantly decorated, colorful, and all the waitstaff were very professional and friendly. They have several lounge ""cubicles"" to wait while your table is being setup too, which I thought was pretty smart for groups that are waiting - you can still talk and everyone can sit and face each other while you wait. 

We ate:
3 course meal of: 
1) Blue corn pancake: bbq duck + habanero chile + star anise sauce - Pretty good, but a little on the salty side
2) New Mexican Spiced Pork Tenderloin Sandwich: pretty good, light and fresh, came with Mexican spiced fries too that were really good. This is what everyone calls the #1 dish here, but I really think that award goes to the corn tamale (below). 
3) Panna Cotta: SO GOOD - nice and light and the fruit was soaked in some type of liquor and really fresh and ripe. 


Others:
Appetizers: 
Cremini Mushroom Quesadilla: pretty good, but will try something else next time
Tiger Shrimp Roasted Garlic Corn Tamale: OMG I could eat this all day, every day, for the rest of my life. The shrimp was nicely seasoned and tender, not overcooked, the tamale was sweet and savory, the white corn was fresh and drowned in this yummy creamy corn sauce. YUM....

Friend got the Chile Rellenos, which was also quite good. Melt in your mouth cheesy-ness. Mmm

Get the corn tamale!!",4.0
"Bobby Flay's over Gordon Ramsey's Steak House.

Came here for my birthday, they don't do any free dessert or anything. If you order a dessert they would put a candle on it though. 

Bread Basket ( Free ) - Super yummy ! We really like the blue corn muffin.. it's soft and taste way better than your regular corn bread. The waiter let us get another order of it for free. 

Entrees -( Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops ) The best I ever had, seriously. I'm that one person that always order lamb and I can honestly say this was the place. My medium rare lamb was cooked perfectly.. not to rare either just perfect and ever bite had this explosion in my mouth. So mouth watering good, it also came with a blue corn tamale! How can a tamale be so soft and moist? Ugh, I want to go back and order this again. 

Boyfriend had the ( New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, cooked medium ) So good, I took a bite of it and the pork was moist and juicy. I didn't know you could get pork medium I guess it's just the part of pork you're eating you can. It also came with a sweet potato tamale, sounds weird together but very good. Make sure to take a bite of the pork with the tamale together... oh you won't regret it hahaha. 

Dessert -  ( Chocolate cajeta cake ) - Wow, moist! Seriously every dish is so moist hahaha. Best cake ever, try it guys. It's warm chocolate cake with ice cream, who doesn't like that? 

Overall everything was super delicious, service was good but not top notch. Everything was really filling, I honestly thought the dishes were way bigger, but the photos in yelp are all lies hahaha it's actually really small but when you continue to eat you'll actually get really full but  even though you're full you can't say no to dessert hahaha. 

2 Entrees - 1 Dessert = $108 and some change, which is a really good price for our meal.",5.0
"This is one of my favorite spots and I try to get here every time I come to Vegas as sort of our dinner splurge night. The staff is always pleasant and knowledgable, food is served in a timely manner and the ambiance is fun and upbeat without being overwhelming. 

I am not one to pick to eat goat cheese pretty much ever, but we went for the goat cheese queso and polished it off in record time. So so good. They also bring you a great assortment of bread that has chiles baked into it that's kind of perfect for dipping as well. 

We made a reservation (I'd suggest doing that regardless of what night of the week it is) but arrived a bit early and grabbed a drink in the bar. Bartender was super friendly and attentive and was slammed so I was impressed. We were seated right on time and service was prompt from there on out.

This time I had the chile relleno which is always yummy and my friend got the pork tenderloin which I hadn't had before. She let me try a bite -- I could cut it with a butter knife and it pretty much melted in my mouth. So delicious. 

This place will continue to be a staple for me in Vegas so I hope it doesn't go anywhere anytime soon! Definitely put this one on your list.",5.0
"I went to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill today.  The corn soup was great - picante en extremis, which is simpatico with me; the poblano green chili burger was flawless and great - muy sabroso. Finally, we get a celebrity chef who can cook a great burger the way you specify it.  Most chefs reheat a Sysco burger two rareness levels below your criteria.  I like my burgers very well done, and it came out that way. 

They didn't have full-bore Budweiser or regular Miller beer, or even XX in the green bottle; so I chanced it on some shit European beer which tasted like shit - and bitter shit at that.  Rather than suffer through it, I drank a little, cut my losses, then ordered a Miller light which was near perfect.  All these specialty beers from Europe are shit; they exist for frauds who need to position themselves as avant-garde connoisseurs of beer.  They are fooling no one.  The world laughs at them.  Service was excellent.  I left a slightly higher than 20% tip.  Like MacArthur, I shall return.",5.0
"I moved to the Phoenix just over two years ago from Seattle. I tried literally 8 different barbershops before I finally found Brooklyn Barbershop, and I haven't been to another barbershop since. I have been coming to Brooklyn Barbershop for about two years straight now. 

Brooklyn Barbershop has an upbeat, urban vibe as soon as you walk into the shop; you instantly feel and can clearly see that it is the right place to get a great haircut. 

Brooklyn Barbershop, has plenty of seating available during the time you may have to wait behind the vast amount of people that come through the doors all wanting to get a haircut from a few of the very best in the entire state of Arizona.

On a normal day, there is always a good selection of today's best local and underground music. From my personal experience, if you are looking to get one of the best possible haircuts around that will have an average Joe looking like they are ready for a photo shoot for a major magazine, I recommend either the shop owner and Master Barber Reny, or my main man Charlie. Both Reny and Charlie will have you leaving the place looking and feeling like a million bucks! 

If you are running short on time and couldn't swing past your bank or ATM to pull out some cash for your haircut, no worries, Brooklyn Barbershop conveniently has a state of the art ATM machine located on the inside of the shop. 

Lastly, Brooklyn Barbershop barbers all are proficiently trained and have natural born abilities to cut and sculpt any kind of hairstyle, or artistic lines of your liking. For guys like me who love that fresh razor edge up, this shop provides it all! 

Enjoy your visit!",5.0
Just had lunch here and the seafood cocktails were fantastic.  Great service too.  Prices were very reasonable   I'm glad my main squeeze brought me here.  I will be coming back.  I can't wait to try the ceviche.,5.0
Went here for the very first time. Sandwiches were great. You walk in and there was someone to explain how to order. Got the authentic Philly cheesesteak and the Cuban. Both were delicious and fresh tasting. Cool and easy concept. A little on the pricier side but worth it.,4.0
"In a pinch, this will have to do.  I usually prefer the mom and pop pizza joints as they have time and again proven they have better pizza.

We were in a time crunch and starving and this was the only feasible option.",3.0
"First time but not my last.

Today, was my first visit to Mellow Mushroom. We arrived at 11:30  on a Thursday for lunch. There were about 20 guests already, however, we were seated immediately. 

Mellow Mushroom offers a varied selection of entre's and brews. I chose the lunch special: 8"" pepperoni pizza for $4.99. I added one topping and a drink for a total of $9.24. 

My lunch arrived in 15 minutes. My entree was piping hot with plenty of mozzarella, sauce and toppings. The crust was soft and flavorful as was the sauce and toppings 

The service was exceptional. The pizza was delicious. I can't wait to go back for my next visit.",5.0
"Great experience today with my daughter.  We have always driven by this restaurant and never stopped.  Today we had a mommy daughter lunch date and she wanted to give it a try...  To my surprise it was great we ordered pretzel bites and a cheese pizza and they were both delicious, and the service was outstanding!!!  This made a great lunch date and even better shopping experience once our tummies were full",5.0
"amazing food.  I will eat here over Bonita and Pepe's taco from now on.  the Horchata was the best I ever had, the chicken tacos were delicious/fair priced (99cents), and all the ice cream is handmade and soo good!

me and my wife ate here 3 times in the past 2 days.....",5.0
"I appreciate that the chai is real tea and not made from some syrup or concentrate, but the couple times I've gotten it, it hasn't been mixed to my liking. With JoBot the honey and spices seem to to always just sit sadly at the bottom of my cup.",3.0
"I come to this town a lot for work travel and always stay by Fremont.  I first stumbled upon this place because my hotel was right by it.  Definitely one of my favorite places in Vegas.  The bar selection is great and they serve beer on Nitro meaning the flavor is way more smooth.  All of the food i have eaten here has been great.  Mac and cheese, pizza, cal-zones, all amazing.  I would say if your in the mood for a lot of pizza, get a deep dish for sure.  

Staff is awesome and love the look of the restaurant.  Great to watch a sports game or just have an awesome meal.  One of my spots i visit every time i am in town.",5.0
"I had breakfast and coffee at the 7th Street Public Market on Sunday morning. If you're ever looking for a place to grab a healthy breakfast, try the Local Loaf! It was delicious. My omelet had spinach, tomato, peppers and onion. I love that you can build your own! I also had Not Just Coffee with my breakfast.",4.0
Great food and atmosphere ! Lindsay is a great bartender ! Always a good experience !,4.0
I like Baja Fresh!  I can't really attest to what others have said about other locations being better... I have only eaten at this one.  But I've been there about 10 times now and have had no real complaints.  I like the mango salsa.  Yum.,4.0
Chris is probably the first guy I've ever met that actually is very friendly and very concerned about a car he has to fix in any kind of way. He was very helpful with my camaro windshield and other things I had to get like a windshield wiper and tint strip on my new windshield. I will definitely be coming back.,5.0
Had a lovely meal here with my wife. Cheap & cheerful for the most part with some very friendly and helpful wait staff.,5.0
"Priced right at $10.99 for lunch. Most of the food was good, but the pizza looked like it was sitting out for an hour. I didnt even bother trying since there was a lot of other food that I like.",4.0
"Went for brunch on 05/29. Service was great and the Bloody Mary (mix mad in house) was very good. That's why it gets 3 stars. Food alone was two stars. Steak and eggs was just okay. The smoked trout was served cold, but was good in its own right. I just felt the filet was small and it is served with a simple spinach salad. We weren't impressed with the brunch food but I think this place may have potential for meals later in the day. For brunch, I would suggest going elsewhere.",3.0
"This is the best veterinary office I've found in Las Vegas.  Their prices are amazing! and service is super nice!  I've taken my cat there to get fixed and her shots.  Every Vet in town wanted to charge me at least triple of what they charge.  The shots I believe were under $20 and the spay $50.   Now I just took my dog for his dental and they had a special for $70 for dental cleaning.  $5 for extractions.  I dropped him off right on time between 7:30am to 8am, and was told to come back at noon.   He was all ready for me when I got there and his teeth looked fantastic!  The staff was extremely nice and was very loving towards both my pets I brought them.  Highly recommend them :-)",5.0
"Upon walking in we were greeted by a very nice hostess who seated us to our table. That was the best part about our visit. We sat and waited for over 5 minutes and no one ever came to our table. I understand that you close at 11 but we are paying customers and to never have someone come over and greet us, offer us water/take our drink order is unacceptable. Highly disappointed. If I could give 0 stars I would",1.0
"Go Raymond! Thanks for your awesome service...! Hope you win, you work hard! Keep up the good work. The staff at Gen is awesome, never had a bad experience.",5.0
"I went to Gen couple days ago! I love the food and the service they provide. My experience there was excellent! My server is ""Yuhao"" ( I think I spell it correctly lol), and he provides the best customer service!!! Literally!! He came back to check on us really often, and he always has his big smile on! And whenever we had some dumb questions, he explained it patiently~and he definitely knows his stuff!! Me and my friend love the food! But Yuhao made our experience in Gen excellent excellent! We will definitely come back for Yuhao :)",5.0
"I've been meaning to write a review for this place for quite some time seeing as I frequent this saloon often when I go to see bands perform.

I give this place a 'one star' because well...it's horrible.


The drinks are some of the worst drinks I've ever consumed. I ordered a long island and got syrup and water. It was disgusting. They don't have a great beer selection by any means unless you favor the more commercial pisswaters, such as bud, bud-light, bud-extra-light...lime? Anyway...

When bands play live, the sound system that they have don't do them any justice. Pentagram played there recently and even Bobby Liebling complained quite a few times during their set. Every band I come to see complain about the horrible sound ""system"" they have to endure. The way they handle shows is not the greatest, with promoting, the amount they charge, the sound. This venue is thee worst possible place to have a band play.

Besides the place being a ghetto-styled, dirty cesspool, I would never come here willingly if it weren't for the bands that have no other choice but to.",1.0
Hands down the best bloody Mary's in the Burgh!  I love coming here for brunch in the winter months.  Irish comfort food at its finest.,5.0
"This was THE best experience in a medical facility that I have ever had! The facility was clean, the staff was friendly, and most importantly they were fast.  I NEVER go to the Dr because I find the whole process just annoying, making an appointment, being there 15 minutes early, as requested, to fill out paperwork, then sitting there for 2 hours past your appt time to be seen...its ridiculous! 
Today at Urgent Care Extra I was in and out of there in 30 minutes....and that was WITH filling out paperwork and I didn't even need an appointment!  Now to be fair, I was the first person in the door when they opened BUT both my sister and husband (who both HIGHLY recommended this place) have visited on different occasions, and  both said their visits were very fast and DARE I SAY...enjoyable.  If a trip to the doctor can be considered Enjoyable, they MUST be doing something right! The next time I am feeling under the weather I WILL be going here.  In fact, I may just make them my PCP (Primary care provider).",5.0
"Jason Smith Fitness changed my life.  A couple of years ago I did not have a balanced life.  I was eating the wrong stuff (whatever I wanted), not working out, and not feeling well.  

I went to Jason Smith fitness and immediately felt the passion that Jason and his staff have for their individual clients.  He trains in a very fair, accountable way.  Even when I was not excited to get the gym, once I walked in, Jason's passion for his work transferred to me, and he drove me to excellent results.  36 pounds in 90 days.

Jason is the best.",5.0
"Yeah, this place Rocks.  Tina is AMAZING!  I hadn't been there for months and I'm sure there had been hundreds of patrons since I was last there and when I walked in, Tina, the owner, remembered my NAME!!!!   Very entrepreneurial.  They don't remember my name at that ""other"" bakery around the corner on Ft Apache.  

They have a customer appreciation French Toast breakfast made with their Challa Bread every quarter.  I mean, eggs, bacon/sausage, fruit, coffee, juice, etc...It's a grub session for sure.  

When you go there to buy their baked goods, they have something for everybody.  I am partial to their Dakota Bread, but they have plenty of bread samples just in case you can't make up your mind.  They also have killah brownies, OH SNAP...almost forgot!!!  When in season their Black Berry Scones will change your life.  Amazing!  

They make a variety of cookies too.  Nom Nom Nom...

If you're an athlete of just a care about your health, this is a good place to find whole grain foods to provide you with proper nutrition for optimal health.

Chow!",5.0
"I like this place but I'm partial to businesses owned and operated by persons not corporations and this place sure has that going for it. They work for your business and they care. A Subway will be opening up next door but other than that and Landry's, this busy strip has two other small businesses that serve great food with a more urban than suburban atmosphere. Coffee Tea etc has a great soundtrack and if the lighting was improved (even sun light warm fluorescent build are unmusical and unappetizing) it be five stars for me. I'm coming here with my laptop before work with good coffee drinks (standard fare) tic whack my mail or after work to reward my inner child with some ice cream. Thrifty beats the heck out of the overly sweet 31 flavors. The serve large portions here. Support you local owners and enjoy your coffee, tea, simple sandwiches and indulgent ice cream desserts in the shop near the crossing of the freeways.",4.0
"Finally tried this place out, after wanting to for months! The restaurant itself on the outside is very simple and you probably wouldn't even realize it was there, unless you were looking for it. It's a very small cozy place and the food smells amazing as soon as you walk in! We ordered fried egg rolls to start. They were ok, I didn't like the sauce that comes with it and the egg rolls themselves didn't really leave me wanting more. 

The entrees are family style so we shared all the dishes. We ordered chicken bai cha (fried rice), grilled pork, and lok lak beef. The bai chia was good and they served plenty to share. The lok lak beef was too bland. The meat didn't really have much flavor and the veggies that accompanied it were just as bland. The best part of our meal was the grilled pork. This is the dish that they are known for, and recommend; and it didn't disappoint! The dish was just strips of pork but the flavor was amazing!  The sauce made it very flavorful and great! I couldn't get enough of that dish. I would highly recommend trying the grilled pork; but beyond that, none of the other dishes were memorable.",3.0
The sweetest nicest ladies you'll ever meet and very good quality work! Will be returning with bells on!,5.0
"Excellent food. Great value. Friendy Staff. Will be back at least once a month. Great HH too, especially on Wednesday.",5.0
Lady on the phone said we are out of the delivery range even it was under 4 miles and I was referred to them by another rosatis. Worst service not recommended.,1.0
"Even though, i had to pay a lot for my car service but i already expected since i had not taken care of my car for a while. The customer service is outstanding and specially Adam. I will definitely come back here in the future.",5.0
Great food and great atmosphere make for a great night.  My wife and I were there this weekend and were more than pleaded. We each had the fish tacos and were both very pleased.  Service was good and they had dos equis lager on tap...Will definitely be back.,5.0
"Very nice.  Everything is controlled by a tablet by the bed...even the window blinds! Very nice pool area, staff is friendly, but took way to long to check in! But we were surprised with a $75 resort credit! I'll definitely going back if that continues!",4.0
"The rooms are smaller than the Venetian...but omg, their beds and pillows are amazing. I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud in heaven.",4.0
Best subs hands down. I like to keep it simple with their hook and ladder. The quality is on point and the service is great. You really should think about checking this place out.,5.0
"Only Starbucks near my house and on my way to work that has a drive-thru... also, the absolute slowest Starbucks I've ever been too! With 2 cars in front of me in line it took over 15 minutes to get my coffee. I thought I'd try walking in see if it was any better, I ordered my coffee upon walking in as there was nobody in front of me in line, again 10-15 minutes for my coffee. You can see it behind the counter with a general ""whatever"" attitude of most employees compared to many other Starbucks where all the employees move with a purpose. I'm finding another store, possibly off my route to work, that would be worth it to frequent.",1.0
Mr. Mama's is everything the reviews are saying. I tried it this morning based on Yelp reviews and oh boy! We're talking some good stuff your face slap yo mama down home cookin! The portions are huge you will leave happily stuffed and waddling your satisfied booty out the door. I ordered the chicken fried steak smothered with the gravy lord have mercy! I will be back next time I visit Vegas! Perfect score for food EXCELLENT customer service AND we got to meet Me. Mama's!,5.0
"What a great neighbourhood joint!  I can't speak to the food as we stopped there after dinner - but parked ourselves at the bar to watch a baseball game and have a few drinks. We were visiting Pittsburgh from California, and popped in on our way back to the hotel. Owner Brian Carey mans the bar and keeps the casual atmosphere going with lighthearted banter. Stick around long enough and you will meet staff and owners from other local waterholes, or maybe even your local councilman. It's a great little place w/irish pub ambiance. Make sure to pop your head in for a drink or two on a Thursday night - you never know who might show up - like the Bud guy or the Jagermeister girls - it's a busy place, and a lot of fun, w/great staff and an owner who cares - this is as close to CHEERS as you'll ever get",5.0
"Horrible service!!! I booked a cab online because I was on the phone, and promptly received a confirmation phone call. That's where anything good I can say about this company stops. 

They called to confirm at 4:03 and said it would be 15-20 minutes. With no sign of the cab at 4:41 I called to check the status and they said it would be another 10-15 minutes because of traffic. I do not live by any freeways so there is no reason a driver should be sitting in traffic. 

They just now picked me up at 4:54, so I have 6 minutes to get to the bank before they close. Awesome. And there is no A/C flow in the back seat on a triple digit day in Arizona. 

Never using this company again.",1.0
Quick and Friendly Service. Devin gave me clear instructions and suggested a better service than I was requesting. And no change in cost. Great deals and Multiple staff to get the job done quickly. Highly recommended.,5.0
None of us were artists but we sure felt like one night of!! Had a great time. Peggy helped coach us as needed. Let us stay until we were finished....who knew it took so long to paint!! We really enjoyed it and would do it again!!,4.0
Nice course. Good shape.Greens were fast wednesday 6-22.A-lot of bunkers.Just hit down middle.Dont really need driver but on the par 5's.Not a long course but nice.,3.0
"Traveling in from out of town I looked online at reviews. I found Trying to sell jewelry in Las Vegas that there are a lot of shops claiming to offer the most money with great reviews. This was my 1st stop based on their reviews and convenient location. Hidden in this little shopping center on the Las Vegas strip it doesn't seem very safe.  I received a offer but they did not seem to be happy with what i was asking. I remember what I paid but he disagreed, I felt insulted.  I left knowing I was going to get a second offer. But soon found out after shopping around that I had what I thought. So I would not recommend coming here unless you want to get taken advantage of.",1.0
"Nasty regular coffee for the 2nd time within the week. Tasted sour, what was in it??? Just ordered black coffee. So disappointed ! This is the worst Starbucks i have ever been to.  I have been to a lot from east coast to Hawaii.  There needs to be quality control , seriously",1.0
"I LOVE a good brunch!  I've been anxious to try Napa on Providence since they took over Providence Cafe.  Being seated 5 minutes before the magical ""noon"" alcohol time on Sunday, we were anxious to get our bloody marys.  At 12:15 the waiter's asst delivered water, but still no bloody marys or my friend's coffee.  Finally got them and the bloody mary was DISAPPOINTING!!  Not remotely spicy even though the waiter's asst asked specifically if we wanted regular or spicy.  After a few sips, I just couldn't take it so I asked to have a fresh one made, this one with some spice.  The second one was slightly better, but still not good.  I ordered the eggs benedict minus ham.  It was just that, eggs benedict without ham, nothing fancy or gourmet, nothing more than I could've made at home.  My friend got the proshetta hash (some kind of diced pork tenderloin) and she said it was ok but she left hungry.  My other friend got the margherita pizza which she said was good.  I wouldn't request to go back, but would be willing to give them a second chance if a friend said she wanted to go.  Disappointing!!!",2.0
"Bosa has been around as long as I remember and i just now started going there a lot. I love the Thai Ice Tea, turkey croissant sandwich, the donuts are amazing and the people working are always happy and are so nice to my 4 year old daughter. Thanks Bosa for being great!",5.0
"Get doughnuts from the QT up the street, they are fresher, cheaper, and faster.",2.0
"I'm told moving is one of the top 5 stressful things you can do in life, well I'd add home renovation as well.  I'm also told never argue in front of the help...  well technically we didn't, but we certainly had a disagreement right before Robert came to measure the windows.  It was probably our only major full blown ""tense"" discussion.. hahaha.

When we purchased the home, half the windows were already replaced and upgraded.  The prev homeowner gave us his window contact, stated he was so pleased with this guy and w/ several quotes, he blew the competition away.  We were looking for matching windows for the rest of the home and to take advantage of Federal engery tax credits, so we trusted the referral.

Enter Robert into a highly charged atmosphere.  We gave him our differing opinions, and he said in his gentle and kind way ""I'm a visionary, I can see where you are going with this.""  He goes on to give us some ideas and inputs, and very very tactfully, goes off into the bedroom to measure the windows there.  Amazingly enough, we needed that.  His inputs helped form a fairly different look and idea that we were both happy with for construction of the wall we were moving and window placement.  By the time he walked out of the bedroom, we were all smiles and eager to discuss the new window addition.

Robert and his helper replaced all the remaining windows in the home and cleaned up the dust afterwards.  Until I posted this review, never went to his webpage but glad to see the awards received for his great customer service.  I'll back that up as well.  

And our only major drama is over.  We're going to survive it.  :D",4.0
"Out of 2 meals : The fortune cookies, and the single egg-roll take the win... Felt cheated afterwards! 

Zero flavor. 

The fortune cookie should never take place in ""best part of the meal""... NO!!",2.0
"I had a delicious Chicken Shawarma platter when i passed by the other day.  Staff was friendly, food was fresh.  Pricing is a bit high, but quality is good.

Will visit again and try other dishes!",4.0
Although I'm a great fan of Arby's roast beef I have to honestly say that the apple crisp was one of the worst tasting things I have ever eaten at Arby's.,5.0
"Have had nothing but difficulty with this bank, they got my business by claiming that they were a real ""community"" type bank. They are not, all employees we met with when we opened the account have been replaced a couple of times. Judging by the high turnover and the lack of intelligence in half of the staff, i think i will be moving to a Credit Union as soon as my partner gets back to town and we can move the business account.",1.0
"Yummy matzoh ball soup served with your choice of bagel. I get mine with a jalapeo & cheese bagel and a coke. Great flavor combo. This place is popular with the jewish locals so it has to be good. More than decent portions. You can make 4 sandwiches from the meat in just one of their deli sandwiches. They renovated the interior so it looks cleaner and less divey than before.

I like perusing their pastry shelves after a meal. Some desserts are hit or miss but you can't go wrong with some chocolate covered strawberries and marshmallow twists.",4.0
What's not to like about matzoh ball soup or chicken soup? Both are recommended for the soul and for cool afternoons. Always a stomach warming experience.,5.0
"The room was challenging which was good but customer service is only so-so.  The employee forgot/lost the key and we had to wait quite awhile get into the building. 
This espace room cost more then any other in the GTA, the purges range from $12-22 and this ones at $28 on regular price. Not sure if the extra couple bucks is worth it considering that the customer service isn't fantastic.",3.0
"They never informed me of the extra 30 dollars in ""fees"" until they charged my card. Was on hold for a half hour for a manager and ended up going straight to a voicemail box. No return call so I'm basically screwed. DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE.",1.0
Please nobody go here they serve you cold food it takes 2 1/2 hours to get there and then when you call to let them know your food is cold they hang up on your face and before they hang up they tell you what what do you want me to do about it I am furious and I asked the guys name he said hi this is James but then I asked him his name again because the thought of getting Rudy he said it's Joey ridiculous liars don't go Bear and I will be sending better Business Bureau into that place is disgustingness,1.0
"We had my daughters baby shower here and it was enjoyed by all.  I think we may have been one of the first large groups they had hosted, only because, the service was lacking.  I had expected seating for the 26 adults, who we expected, the table was set for 18?!  Drinks were ordered individually, at the table, but trickled in slowly and way after the food arrived upon the buffet table.  We had a wonderful shower, with great food and drink but I felt that the staff was overwhelmed by us, considering the place was open to the public as well.  Jonathan is conscientious about his product, so perhaps, that had something to do with the inconsistent flow.  Overall, we are happy we discovered this venue, the food is very good and drinks artistic, we enjoyed ourselves.",4.0
"June 14, 2017      Tree Pros came out and cut down an acacia tree and trimmed a very overgrown large mesquite tree.     The whole team is professional from the office staff, the arborist and the crew who performed the work were great.   I highly recommend Tree Pros.",5.0
Pro shop employees are rude. They give you attitude like your bothering them when you call in for a tee time. If you can get past there unpleasant attitudes it's a really nice course. A great place for under cover boss to do a show.,2.0
"I've seen this vet for multiple rechecks, the vet called my pet a female...it just shows he never reviewed my rabbit's previous medical records at his own hospital, really bad impression.",1.0
"went here about an hour before closing and disappointed that a lot of the food was already gone & they don't make anymore. my friend and i missed out on several food items so we were bummed cuz we really wanted to try some of them. we especially love turon, fried bananas, and they ran out. the food we ate was pretty good but i wouldve liked more choices. maybe next time we will go earlier in the day so we can try everything.",3.0
"I went for dinner with two friends on Monday.  We decided not to order much the first time so that we didn't waste anything.  So when we finished, we asked for another order form.  The waitress looked at us and said, ""More???""  We said yes and placed a second order, neither order was excessive.  People around us were receiving food but not us.  We asked the waitress whether our food was coming and she said no. We were shocked!  ""No?"" We asked.  ""You want more?"" she said and we said yes and filled out a third order form.  We were laughing uncontrollably by this point, not believing that she was so openly rude.  Oddly enough, an item from our second order arrived which we hadn't ordered on the third sheet.  We payed and left, marveling at the downright audacity of this waitress.  If they don't want to serve AYCE, then they shouldn't offer it, but being nasty to customers is just going to lead to bad reviews and people not going back.  The food was good but the one waitress made our experience less than enjoyable!",3.0
"We come here every once in awhile for the smoothies, which are typically quite excellent. However, today we tried the ""limited time only"" Luau Sliders, and we wish we hadn't. 

We got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and two Sweet Sriracha Chickens. They were obviously microwaved, as they came out a good four minutes before our smoothies were even finished, and no other orders were being made. They were 90% bun, with what looked like old, frozen white chicken. You know, the kind you had in your elementary school cafeteria. It's not like we were expecting a gourmet slider by any means, but they were certainly disappointing. 

Were it not for the typically great smoothies we get here, I would have left one star. That being said, even the Blueberry Bliss I got today was subpar, tasting almost entirely like a banana. I get banana is one of the ingredients, but the namesake should at least be the overarching flavor.",2.0
Love their Sunday brunch.  We had steak benedict and salmon benedict.  Everyone loved their food.  It's a great place to bring family on Sunday.  Our out of town guests love that treat before they leave.  Call ahead or make reservations.  They were packed.,5.0
"This location is my favorite one in Canada! Best cosmetics section and amazingly, the staff are friendlier here than in the drab Ottawa location (don't get me started on Yorkdale).  Gorgeous merchandise - even if I don't buy it, I still enjoy window shopping here.

Great bathroom location if you're needing to freshen up downtown. Very posh :)",3.0
"Just went in to the store, was having problems transferring data from my HTC to my new pixel. After calling in to customer service, was advised to go to nearest store for assist. Yeah, they will ASSIST YOU FOR 10.00$. Only verizon store that does this . Called customer service, was told they have never heard of a store that does this. FUCKING RIP OFF OWNER, trying to squeeze you for a few more bucks....AVOID!!!!",1.0
"I had the most horrible crick in my neck for more than a week and it was getting to where I couldn't even focus on my job because of the nagging pain.  

I work upstairs from this location and popped in yesterday to see if I could be seen.  The receptionist was lovely and booked an appointment for me with Jared for a 30 minute massage this morning.

Jared was incredibly nice and his massage relieved soooo much of my tension -  I could almost feel the release immediately.   4 hours later and I barely even feel the knot in my neck. 

I couldn't be happier!!!

I didn't have a lot of time this morning to review the package prices, but what I did see looked incredibly reasonable!   I WILL be purchasing some 90 minute sessions with Jared in the very near future.",5.0
"Great specials, decent food served all day long, adequate service.

Unfortunately expect a long wait after midnight. Which can be a bit of a turn off when you're drunk and want food NOW.",3.0
"Cute place, TERRIBLE visit. When I walked it, there were no clients waiting anywhere but they insisted that I had to make an appointment for an hour later.. maybe because they hardly have staff? Then I waited 30 mins after my appointment time because the manicurist took her friend ahead of me. And she was cursing loudly enough for my friend and I to hear... just not a classy crew. I will NEVER come here again. 

To their credit, the manager offered me a ""discount"" next time lol - on a $17 manicure I waited 2 hours for? No thanks.",1.0
"This place is awesome.  I had excellent service, I had made a mistake and booked an appointment at a different location (very far).  This place was able to work with me and squeeze me in even on a very busy Thanksgiving eve day.",5.0
"Why am I posting a review when I am almost sure nothing will get done about it?  Probably because we have no other choice.  Our mail carrier to 85028 near Golddust and Tatum consistently fails to ring our doorbell for registered mail and it goes to the Cactus Station after two days.  

Then more fun begins.  If you do not get to this USPS facility at the opening, you'll be waiting often twenty deep in a line just to pick up packages with only one or two people on duty.  Occasionally they will ask if someone is ""just picking up,"" but this is inconsistent and a rarity.  It looks like I'm going to have to start using the UPS Store now for inbound registered mail.  I would gladly tip the mail carrier if it were one or even two people consistently, but you just can't easily tip five different mail carriers!",1.0
"I would like to try this place again because I went there super late and we were the only table. The food was ok, nothing too special, Very authentic Korean with a grumpy, angry waitress to boot...  They place has potential and if I didn't feel like I was being force fed and allowed to cook and add to the grill as I please i may have had a much better experience. They late night discount is an added bonus as well...",3.0
"Great food, great prices, super friendly staff. A great selection for both the non-adventurous and those looking for more authentic Vietnamese. I ordered the Beef Pho which had great flavor and super fresh vegetables.",5.0
"Let me preface my take by giving full disclosure.  I came here with a client of mine who is a high roller.  So we got all the high end stuff and it was all comped.  So we got toro, foie gras, and kobe beef.  Its simply not possible to give anything less than 5 stars when you have that kind of menu.  

We sat down at the teppanyaki grill.  The kobe beef is absolutely positively the best thing I've ever eaten in my life.  For those of you who have not tried it,, it is indescribable.  It tastes like the best fattiest beef ever but the texture is really that of butter.  If you close your eyes and put a piece in your mouth you would never guess its meat.  It is unlike anything you will ever have.  The foie was just as I like it.  Kinda charred on the outside but rich and creamy on the inside.

Obviously this review is not representative of what a normal meal would be.  But I can only comment on what I've had and it was 5 stars all the way.",5.0
"Married or dating a Comic Book Nerd?  Here is the perfect place to purchase a gift certificate for that special person in your life.  

The staff is always so nice here.  I only go when I need to purchase a GC for the hub, it's even bagged and boarded! 

The parking is a bit tricky, be careful when trying to leave.... you have to semi reverse onto Central if you don't plan accordingly.",5.0
"Worst sushi I have ever had.  Bar none.  
Not a single roll was good. 

The rice was dry.  The flavors within each roll clashed.  The asparagus was undercooked.  The cucumber was hard as though it wasn't ripe for eating.  The sauces were flavorless.  The presentation of the rolls looked as though a bunch of random ingredients were mixed together.  The fish was the only thing on each roll worth eating. 

Even the sashimi was bad: octopus sliced so thick it was an unpleasant chore to eat it.  

Service, fantastic; dessert, good; ambiance, fine -- but nothing can make up for the fact that this is a somewhat spendy sushi buffet and the sushi was horrible.  I wasn't even there on an off night; it was Saturday at 6pm.  

Any other buffet in town that has sushi as a side-station would have been better than this place.  And I could have gotten three great, fresh rolls at any other sushi place in town for what I paid to have an awful, dry, mishmash of garbage at this place.

Total disappointment.",1.0
"My friend recommended this . Hot food is pretty good, K food is tasty, Sushi is fresh, use your own judgment when it comes to sushi rolls. I would definitely come back",4.0
"We used to come here when I was a kid-so recently on a visit to AZ we tried it out again. Not bad-it was weird that there was a special ""only if you pay extra"" section of the salad bar that had the good stuff like chicken and artichoke hearts for a few extra bucks, but it ended up not mattering because we went for the 2 meals for 20 dollars route.
It was fine-and the Greek Lemon soup was actually good. We were there right before it closed and a person working there gave us each a bag of chocolate chip cookies for free at the end of the night. That was nice.",2.0
Went here on Sunday (12/11/2016) for 11AM cardinals game. Got there and the place wasn't busy and the restaurant looked clean. Ask to sit by the Cardinals game. The game was on TV at the two ends of the bar. When I asked to have the game on in front of our table (no one was there) I was told sorry no we can't change the Tv on game day. I wasn't pleased. Especially since most ppl in the bar where cardinals fans. Not going back on game day :-(,2.0
"Mmmmm... sausage. 

The best place around to get homemade sausage. Super friendly and helpful guys. Nice, clean place with a shelf devoted to hot sauce. I couldn't ask for anything more.",4.0
"This is a mixed review from only one stay here.  So take it with a grain of salt.

Got comp'ed a stay here with my wife from the Meadows Casino.  We had three hotels to pick from, and since neither of us had stayed there, we thought we'd give it a try.

We arrived there at 11:30PM after a valentines day night out.  There was no parking near the main entrance of the hotel, and being almost 0 degrees out we didnt want to walk far.  Luckily on the oppisite side of the building, there is a seperate entrance for their corporate meeting areas.  We entered there with no problem and there was plenty of parking near the door. *Keep that in mind if staying here for convenience.*

Even at 11:30pm at night there were 2 staff members at the front desk, which was nice.  We were the only ones checking in, but its nice to know that if there were a rush at that time, they are well staffed.

We got our key and went to our rooms.  We noticed the carpets could really use some cleaning, but at winter its tough to keep someplace clean like that.

We stayed in our room, which was well furnished, with a beautiful bathroom.  It was very clean.  The only complaint I had was the bed.  It was awful.  I'm not sure how anyone could be comfortable in it.  Both my wife and I got very little sleep because of it.

The hotel it great, I'd recommend it completely if not for the bed.  It was awful.

As I said, this is based only on one stay, so not all rooms beds may be that bad.  Don't let my review put you off from staying here.  Try it for yourself and post a review.",3.0
"The food was great! I ordered the Chilean sea bass, it was delicious, the fish was very moist and melted in your mouth, great flavors and a large portion. My boyfriend had a grilled platter which he enjoyed. Definitely a place we would come back to when we return to Vegas.",4.0
"My all time favorite restaurant. Amazing every time without fail. 
Manhattan Chowder 5 stars, light broth filled with a lot of delicious clams
Grilled tomatoes, 5 stars, by far my favorite side dish
Florida stone crab claws, My mouth is watering just thinking about them!",5.0
"We went to Joe's with an extremely large group.  We had some drinks at the bar and each of us was charge a gratuity of 18% on our tab.  After our bar drinks, we received no service from the waitress on beverages.

We ordered all of the sides, soups and salads on the menu and especially lots of snow crab.  We heard great things about the restaurant and unfortunately our experience did not match other's experiences.  The snow crab was significantly smaller than Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, where we ate the previous night.  We recommend Del Frisco.  The snow crab seemed to have been frozen for a very long time; it was fishy, grainy, and not well cooked.  The frozen taste was strong throughout our entire order of crabs.  It was so far from fresh and tasted terrible.  Even the horseradish sauce could not hide the low quality taste.

The artichoke and crab dip appetizer was excellent.

The Manhattan chowder soup was tomato based, salty, and TONS of DIRT grains.  It was difficult to consume with every taste full of grains. This was the worst soup on the menu.  The crab bisque was great.  

The plain potato hash browns were good.  They are boiled potatoes that are placed in a baking dish and toasted on the top.  Not great but good.  The Lyonnaise however, was not pleasant.  It was overfilled with caramelized onions, which were so overpowering you could not taste the potato.  

The cole slaw had an interesting unique tangy taste.  The texture of the cole slaw seemed prepackaged, over shredded, soggy consistency, and poor preparation.   Again, the taste was very unique.  Our group ate the least of this item.  The corn was not sweet; it had several bell peppers and way too much seasoning.  The spinach had too much cream.  The other sides were all very standard.

The key lime pie had a nice strong, sour, and thick creamy filling.  The gram cracker crust was over sugared and too thick.   

Worst of all, after such a disappointing dinner, our waitress made the mistake of charging our group the entire tab multiple times.  Several of us were charged the entire bill.  We brought this to the manager's attention and he had no idea as to how to handle the situation.  We had to break it down to the waitress and explain to her the billing error.  She had a difficult time understanding how to correct and reverse the charges.  We're still waiting on verification from our banks of the reversals, since the restaurant clearly cannot be relied on.  

Overall we would not recommend this restaurant.  Perhaps, at one time the Vegas location was of comparable quality to their other chains, but unfortunately this is no longer true.",1.0
"Parts & Labour's win on CMT's Burger Wars have spurred them to open up The P&L Burger in the space where White Squirrel Snack Shop once - briefly - lived. Similar to the previous tenant, stools line the front area and another set lines the block past the cash where eager eaters await their quickly served burgers.

While their show-winning The P&L Burger is available at the restaurant proper, you'll get it at their burger shop for much less. Current favourites are The Italian - a spicy mess of oozing cheese, marinara, and hot peppers (gonna add more hot peppers next time) and The Castor that sports a slice of peameal and smeared with sweet BBQ sauce. Those looking for a simpler deal should look to The Hamburger. Vegetarians can opt for The Big Tempeh.

From my order today, the bun to meat ratio is good and the flavour of the patty is also beefy enough to come through even the heavier topping combinations. The bun is fluffy enough (though I'd like a bit more chew on it - minor quibble), but holds together quite well. The size of the burger itself is quite large, though most should be able to finish this. Maybe with a nap later on.

There are onion rings, fries, dill pickles, poutine, hot peppers, and a caesar kale salad. I chuckled at the salad. Fountain pop gets free refilles and you can snag a milkshake or soft serve as a sweet treat.

My burger pick for the area.

More photos: Excessive burger porn on the blog.",4.0
"I will never use Alamo again!  The sales person at the front desk was only focused on up-selling my original order.  She was absolutely relentless and pushed so hard I only gave in to an upgrade, insurance and full tank of gas was so I could get out of there.  Every time I explained I was not interested she found me another ""discount"" and repriced the car rental.  I recognize that it is my fault for caving in but I have never been pressure so hard.    I'm sure she was compensated for her ""hard sell"" as I walked away with a bill for $450 - up from the $170 online quote .  I only put 20 miles on the car in 4 days driving to and from the airport from our resort.  WHAT A RIP OFF!",1.0
"this companys reps have push their luck AT&T-itude.
rude people all over.
i dont think they know what customer service means..

i asked reps in stores & via the website one, what i thought was, a simple yes or no question & never received the same answer twice.
wtf?

online reps,
lucky they dont have to deal with me face to face.
lady at the decatur store,
again, youre lucky i called & didnt come in.

after years in retail,
i cannot STAND bad customer service.
yeah,
im one of those people.


so,
why review this particular store and not complain to at&t directly?
well i did. BUT,

RJ, thats why.

what a breath of fresh air he was to deal with after everyone else encountered.
even with all the technical difficulties and EXTREMELY long wait to get my problem solved, this guy never lost his personality. professional, knowledgeable & so pleasant, he should replace that girl in the at&t commercials. for real.

i will ALWAYS request RJ from this point on.

seriously,
someone promote this guy.",3.0
"I recently started a job where I need to dress in suits, shirts, and ties.  So I was looking for a quality dry cleaner,  this place was in a good location to where I work and also to where I coach football.  I was a little weary of the place because it is not in the nicest location of town. I looked at yelp and checked out the reviews of other people and then started to feel comfortable with the place because of everyones high reviews.  Let me tell you this, this was the worst job I have ever seen of a dry cleaner, 7 out of the 10 shirts I brought were absolutely unacceptable I would have to iron them again if I want to wear them to work, they were still wrinkled and one of my white shirts actually accumulated some dirt on the right front chest, basically telling me that the water they use in there machines was dirty.  I don't know what person working there took these off the presses and thought it was acceptable to give me these shirts back.  The next day when I tried to go get a refund the girl working was new and told me she couldn't do anything and I'll have to come in tomorrow.  I asked about the owner or manager and she said he rarely comes in.  I am sure they will do them over again but i do not want to risk it and just want a refund I am going into the store today we will see what happens.  I don't know how there are so many good reviews on this place, but trust me I wouldn't trust a T-shirt to this place again...  I'd give no stars if it was a possibility.",1.0
"My wife and I used Sun City Florists in summerlin in April 2013 for our wedding. When we initially met with Lance, we left the florist feeling excited and much better about our wedding planning since we were trying to plan a Vegas wedding from Dallas. I have nothing but good things to say about lance and the team there. We were referred to them from a family member who told us that they have high quality flowers, and they didn't disappoint. Lance and his team did an absolutely incredible job with all of the flowers at our wedding. We received a lot of compliments from our guests on how beautiful the arrangements were. Lance was so easy to work with and truly is an artist. We can't thank him and everyone at sun city florist enough.",5.0
"This is one of my favorite places to meet my girlfriend before our facials and or mani/pedi! Awesome happy hour with a variety of appetizers. Sushi is good for a quick fix. The only thing I could say is that the edamame never seems fresh and is over cooked, but otherwise, love the service and food is good! Perfect for a Saturday or Sunday afternoon delight!",4.0
"Wish I could give 5 stars, food is always awesome.  Today, this location made both of our sandwiches oh HARD STALE bread....  I mean Jimmy Johns bread is awesome, and as cheap as the bread is, relative to all the meat and cheese on the sandwich, you would think that they could afford to throw away the stale bread.

Will continue to order from here, however, I will definitely ask for FRESH BREAD next time.!  Sad... shouldn't have to do that, agreed???",2.0
"Great atmosphere/ kid friendly. Great food, bread, and house wine!  They take the time to wipe down the menus each night. The owner even took time to walk through dining room and talk with guests. Just wondering how we never found this place before now. Will definitely be back!",5.0
Wow they have Taro(UBE)here!!!  Uh oh found my new joint for snow cream cravings!!! The odd combinations of toppings on the set menu are awesome. And they got my favorite Ice Cream ever in Taro!!!,4.0
"This is such a cool place! As new Aussies in Toronto, our server was also an Aussie! The booth set up and long tables is a great way to have large parties. The range of games is ginormous and there is also a games master who can help you our or suggest any games for your interest. With a decent selections of alcoholic beverages, the burgers are pretty good too! Go have some fun and learn a new game!",5.0
Pretty average spring training ballpark.  Nice patio area along third base.  Decent prices on food and beer.,3.0
"I only stayed at this hotel one night and found it to be very... average.  I was in Vegas for a wedding and booked this place through priceline as one of their ""mystery hotel deals"".  The price I got was reasonable, and the hotel (motel? the rooms all had exterior entrances) room was okay... I liked that they are all two room suites, but they were also very basic with nothing memorable.  The hotel was a reasonable distance from the strip, the bar charged reasonable amounts for drinks, and the parking (at least in my part of the lot) was... reasonable.  What was not particularly reasonable was the super late check in time... Most hotels I've stayed in have check in times of 2-3pm, and if a room is ready before hand will let you check in early.  The Alexis Park Resort had a check in time of 4pm and didn't really offer any flexibility... in many cases this won't be an issue, but since the wedding we were attending started at 5 and we had to shower and change before driving there it put us in a bit of a time crunch.  Made all the worse by the fact that we were literally sitting in our car waiting to check in for two hours. We ended up being a few minutes late to the Wedding.  Now, I don't necessarily hold the hotel responsible for that as it is their policy.  However, had tried to book the hotel directly, I would have seen this policy and gone elsewhere.  Regardless, I feel like they could have been a little more accommodating.",3.0
"Horrible food! Overpriced! 
Me and my husband went and ordered two noodle soups and 1 appetizer, the total was 26 bucks! Too much for bad food... Never again!!! Ughhh",2.0
"NO STARS The whole rock in rio venue is total crap.  They did everything wrong.  The only good thing about it was seeing some of my favorite bands but thats it!  First of all they make you sign up to put money on your  wristband because they don't accept cash or credit cards.  Tax was not included in the price so you have to try and figure out how much you need on your wristband so they don't screw you over charging you 3.50 so you can get a refund on the money you didn't spend. You had to go to a station to load money on your wristband which had long lines by the way.  Also you had to do it in $10 increments only, which is such bullshit because you're more than likely going to have a few bucks left at the end of the event. What a coincidence you have money left over so let's give it back to you by charging 3.50!! The whole venue seemed like a dump trash everywhere and the bathrooms disgusting. They also had several 'rides'  you could go on the ferris wheel which did not work one of the days and the zip line which they closed of for some fucked up reason said it was closed and wouldn't let people in.  I went on seeing and listening to the bands trying not to get pissed at the fact that I couldn't get on it because they closed it hours before the venue closed only to find out they reopened it for only a few min and then closed it again. And by saying closed I mean closing the line because people were still going on it they just wouldnt let people get in line.  So more people went on it and I was not able to. When asking the staff why and if they could please let one more person in they just acted stupid and would send me to talk to different pleople because they were just trying to get me off their backs. So thanks Rock in Rio for fucking with my mood and making my experience seening my favorite bands not pleasant at all!! I only enjoyed listening to my favorite bands which would have been a much better experience if I had gone to see them one by one somewhere else. They rob you any way they can! If you want to see your fav bands you're better off going to their concerts don't waste your time and money on this crap!",1.0
"I would suggest you to not go to this establishment if you are looking for friendly or at least somewhat decent staff and quick quality printing. If there was a negative scale I would not hesitate to press five stars. The owner/ staff in the business is rude, inconsiderate and culturally insensitive. As a u of t student, I usually swing by to print my things because of convenience but this business is terrible and the owner of the firm is extremely RUDE and will not listen to your request. #notworthit 

The staff will first gently usher you to print your things at the station then keep talking over you without listening to your request. I was asked to ""leave"" because I was asking for too much. The staff will not listen to your request if you are there in person because he thinks he understands what you want without listening. Customer service is terrible!",1.0
"I can't believe I've never reviewed Hibiscus... this is my favourite lunch spot! 

If I need to say why - good owners, great food, amazing ice cream (if you like chocolate try the brownie non-dairy ice cream). They have very well thought flavour combinations in all dishes and no-frills, which means you don't pay extra for the frillies. Just an honest family business with healthy eats. 

Everything is good here! Bring a take-away container cause the salad is surprisingly filling!",5.0
"Literally the best facial experience I've ever had and I have had a lot of facials.  The room and ambiance were so beautiful and relaxing.  The smells of the products were nice and the way he massages my face, neck and shoulders I was in heaven! I saw Jesse for an hour facial and i wish I had more time it was so amazing I can't wait to go back.  A little pricey but 100% worth every penny.",5.0
Excellent service. Seems to have a nice selection of food options...something for everyone. I had the meatloaf. It had too much cheese on the potato for my liking but the meatloaf was great.,3.0
If you are missing hyderabad chicken  biryani you should go to this place...Good quantity  for decent prices . Call them ahead if you are getting take out usually the restaurant is very busy .,5.0
"The food here is pretty good. Coming from a guy who enjoys spicy food, it's pretty good for the balance between flavorful spice and spice that hurts to eat.",5.0
"If u don't recognize me I probably haven't been here before #justsaying. 

Waited 2 b seated ... A bit.

Waited @table & got up to find out #lunch only #buffet. Cool. If you want something ask...they probably wont ask you...

After that...

Best #naan ever but no option for garlic? (Unless you ask)

Water unless you ask for something else.

Food.... GOOD!  Plentiful.  I'm getting used to a little spice, but it didn't overwhelm my tastebuds!

Rice pudding a little thin & underdone but still...cream & sugar...c'mon.

I think this restaurant could #moveonup.

##bollywoodmovies on TV on wall with sound!  Not too loud.  That would be a fun #theme night!  #dinner & #amovie!

Solid adventure.  Great value!",3.0
"Just as fantastic as my last visit.  Great food, flavor was awesome, spice was out of this world.  My only suggestion would be to turn the A/C on.  The warm weather combined with the spice of the food makes for an uncomfortable visit.",4.0
"Such a quaint environment.  Reminds my wife of the hole in the wall places in New York she grew up with.  Decor was nice and prompt greeting upon entering.  Seated right away, they had about half the room full on a Friday night.  Usually busier as I have driven by before and seen it packed.  Here is the only reason it receives 4 and not 5 stars.  Server or the assistant.  We had to ask 2-3 times just to get some glasses of water for us.  They kept the other drinks full but did not bring water until we continually asked.  Other than that, our server was prompt to greet us.  He did take a few minutes to take our order which we were very hungry.  But food came out of the kitchen very promptly.  And now the taste was excellent.  Definitely up with some of the better ones I've tasted around town.  My wife had eggplant parm, which we really enjoyed as it was not breaded and that helped to not retain so much grease from the frying.  I had chicken picata which I really enjoyed.  One of the best in town!!  Overall, this place should get 5 stars if not for a couple of slight miscues on service but it is definitely some place we are going back.",4.0
"I've had The Chickery four times now, and I consistently crave it... so I've gotta give these folks five cluckin' stars. 

Whether diner, dive, chain beast or otherwise I love chicken fingers, so naturally I am a huge fan of their scratch-made, free range, buttermilk babies. Last night I had them with their cheddar and jalapeno biscuits to go, and I thoroughly enjoyed every bite. On other occasions, I've had two sides of their mac n cheese as a full meal, and with it's breadcrumb crust and creamy sauce, it, too is the stuff that dreams are made of.",5.0
"Yum. We love this place. It's exactly like the one in Royal Oak MI... I guess I never knew it was a chain! The omelets are awesome!! They are absolutely huge, you could probably split it with someone if you wanted. It nice and fluffy (I think because they bake it?) I recommend the veggie one, very good !

The bulgar wheat pancakes rock! I know what your thinking.....but I swear they kick ass and they are good for you (kind of ;)) This place totally owns IHOP! You have to check it out!

Can't wait to try the french toast you are all raving about. I love the omelets so much I have a hard time trying anything else!",4.0
"I have frequented this restaurant with friends/family for 10 ++ years , late night drinking would result in us eating at 3-5am at perfect chinese restaurant 
it is true the service is awful, at 3-5am sometimes you suck it up because there just isnt much choices at that time.

  Today was the straw that broke the camels back, i was with my girlfriend early afternoon it started with dirty chop sticks with dried vegetables stuck on it 
then we asked 3x times for a fork, 4x times for napkins, another 4x times for some winchester sauce that comes with spring rolls.

  They gave us VERY watery plum sauce for the spring rolls; it was disgusting just like most of there dim sum.  Finally after asking the manager; who then asked one of the same waitresses for the sauce again, she drops the sauce on our table, points to the disgusting plum sauce speaking in chinese RUDELY to us that we already have plum sauce as if we were not allowed .  My girlfriend politely with sarcasim says we enjoy it with winchester sauce.

i cant believe how rude that waitress is, when the bill came 23.28$ i made it a point to leave no tip.

***what you can expect at perfect chinese restaurant***
--awful service
--waitress/waiters who will make you feel that you shouldnt eat here
--dirty utensils
--terrible food

you've been warned (again for the 100th time)",1.0
"Mahalo Yelp again for bringing us to this new hot spot in North of Scottsdale and close to our hale. 
Nice and quaint little place, family style, feels welcoming when you come in and the owner she is sooo pleasant. Such a beautiful soul she has! I've only been in Arizona for a few days and missing my island food is something I am going through at this moment especially coming down with a congested cold isn't fun! But, stumbling on this place through Yelp was a wonderful idea! 
We had the pad Thai beef and curry chicken with steam rice. The dishes are very tasty and onolicious.. I really enjoyed all the items we had and the owner was very very pleasant and personable! They even have the mango sticky rice which is a rare commodity back in Hawaii so when she said she had that my face lit up and my chin grew big! Gosh, I was in heaven when I took my first bite... It was YUMMERZ!!! Now I know and now I'll be back!!! lol",5.0
Perfect flavor and amazing service. The individual dishes taste like they supposed to and just because it's Asian fusion doesn't take away from each country's speciality. We liked the interiors also.,5.0
"I've always passed by this restaurant and wondered how good it really is, so this weekend I took advantage of the the snowy weather and got some take-out. We ordered the traditional to see how good the food is.

Lemongrass Soup: Brothy, tangy and good. It reminded me of Tom Yum Soup. I was only disappointed to see canned mushrooms but delighted to see some fresh button mushrooms as well.

Panang Chicken Curry: This is my gauge to see how much I like the place, and Thai Orchid didn't disappoint. Well spiced and filling.

Pad Thai: Of course I had to try the pad thai as well. Ordered with shrimp although next time I might get pork or chicken. It was well made with a great tang that you would usually get with a squeeze of lemon that I would get at other thai restaurants.

It's a gem in the Mentor area which has a lot of chains and bar food.",3.0
"Go to diya she slayyyys my eyebrows every time. I've been coming to her for about 2 years now and I will never trust anyone else with my eyebrows. I've been to different places in Vegas and literally no one can compare. She is also a very, sweet patient person and definitely takes her time with you and never leaves any cuts. Overall makes it a good experience and I love coming to her.",5.0
"Simply Amazing.  After the worst move experience ever last year w/ Gateway movers (DO NOT USE EVER), El Cheap was positively dreamy.  Uber professional, they followed up multiple times, gave me helpful tips and were very very reasonable with prices.  They even called morning of to let me know they were headed over and were incredibly prompt arriving at 8:59 AM (my move was scheduled for 9AM).  The actual movers themselves were very friendly and super fast and got the job done in less time than it takes to make a customer service call to Rogers.  They accept cash and credit, and also allow tipping to be done via credit which is awesome. I would recommend them to anyone  looking for a painless, professional move.",5.0
The Boulevard Mall has changed .It has New stores n  great shops. Just spent the morning there.even has better kiosk n more of a selection of food. I love it,5.0
"I'm not a fan of Applebee's. I try hard not to be a chain snob, but Applebee's always ends up being one of my least favorite chain restaurants. So when I was forced to come here for dinner, I was less than excited, but I tried to be a good sport. 

The service was nice and friendly, which is always a good start. The food is just ok, the same as every other Applebee's I've ever been to, so not much to say there. Our server was attentive and always kept our drinks filled and made sure we didn't need anything. That was the best part of our experience here. 

They do have a lot of inexpensive specials and sitting in the bar area, it can be a great place to watch a game and have a drink if you're in the area.",3.0
"Best spot we have found for delivery!  Food is always hot and very good.  Great prices too,  our favorite Chinese spot. 

Update -  Since we have ordered from this spot many time over the last few months I needed to update with 5 stars again.  Every order is delivered hot, fast and at a fair price.  The food is always great quality and tastes great!  The best Chinese delivery ever!!",5.0
"Best vegan pizza in town!  Besides the delicious pizza, they also have several other amazing vegan options like garlic knots and even vegan dessert!  The owner is the nicest down to earth guy!  He always makes time to say hello, and he remembers me everytime I call to place an order, and when I show up for pick up.  They are also very speedy, and the wait is usually only 15-20 minutes.  Definitely recommended for pizza lovers, vegan and omnivore!",5.0
"This is a very nice, large open location.  I had the apple chicken salad which had the most delicious light dressing with a pumpkin muffin top - delicious.  My friend had a southwest salad and muffin.  A nice spot in the beautiful Boca Park area.",4.0
"A long over due visit, and have to saw we plan on becoming frequent customers. We sampled the Big Guido sub, a few canolis, pepperoni bread and sauce and the anti pasta salad. All were AMAZING! The people there are extremely helpful and will talk about how everything is fresh and help with any questions you might have. They will be moving into a new location late Sept/early Oct right around the corner. We cannot wait to go back.",5.0
"I also had higher expectations of Caf La Gaffe. 
I've been here twice for lunch (with coworkers in 2013/2014 ) and once for brunch (today). 

Service:
- we arrived on Mother's Day (Sunday) around 11 AM & it was not busy so we got seated right away 
- they were understanding when we moved from the front patio to indoor before our food was served and let us have our pick of tables 
- came to offer a coffee refill 
- accommodating of providing a side plate for ease of sharing dishes upon request 

Ambience:
- simple, quaint 
- does not feel Parisian 
- pretty view from Windows of tree lined quiet street (Baldwin) 
- for brunch it's nice when the sun streams in through the windows 
- relaxing vibe if not too full; staff are not overly intrusive 
- main floor female washroom has very dim lighting which is less than ideal for make up touch ups 

Food:
- banana pancakes (3 slices cut in half) with a berry compote and a slice of honeydew melon; cantaloupe; pineapple. With maple syrup on the side (no idea if it was Canadian syrup etc) 
- friend has the avocado stuffed omelette with home fries and salad 
- both dishes were good and nice to share a sweet & savory 

I would recommend to a friend if they were in the neighborhood but not if they were coming downtown from suburbs. I would go again if someone else chose it/ planned it but if the choice was left to me I would pick somewhere new to try. 

As for when I came with coworkers in the past, lunch menu was good and for $20 you got an appetizer, main and a dessert. But service can be slow for large groups so order fast if you're on a time constraint. Can accommodate up to 10-12 people at one table. Food was again decent but nothing spectacular from what I recall but was walking distance from work so a good spot.",3.0
"I just took my Sentra in there I got the VIP wash and I'll tell you not worth it they berly touched my carpet didn't even touch my rear carpet didn't touch my seats and only cleaned my dash , also didn't even put armor all or anything on there :/ probably not bringing my car back here again.",1.0
"After reading some reviews online and also hearing about it from some friends, I decided to try The M Resort Buffet.  I had high expectations being that my friends raved about this place.  I must say.. it met all my expectations.  The spread was amazing.  The free beer and wine are always appreciated.  everything is prepared right in front of you.  What else could you ask for?  I didnt go on Seafood night, but I suspect that would make me want to rate as 6 stars.  The service was great.  The only downfall was the wait in line.  However... after the meal I felt like it was well worth it.  i think its safe to say this... goodbye stations and south point, Hello M Resort.",5.0
"My wife and I were completely a long road trip and didn't want to get in Sunday night traffic leaving Las Vegas for SoCal. We saw a billboard for special rates for CA residents at the M Resort & Spa and thought what the heck. BEST CHOICE ON A WHIM EVER. The facility is immaculate, the people were outstanding from the desk personnel to the busboy in the restaurant. The rooms were beautifully appointed and extremely comfortable. The bathrooms were modern spacious and very much live up to the SPA designation. We ate breakfast only at the hotel but the food was very good. We walked the grounds just to check things out and really liked everything we saw. We went to the pool area to find out how much the Cabana's etc would run for a return visit. Poolside was $150 rental and food minimum, the ones set off from the pool, which had TV, Fridge, phone, wifi, phone, etc. were $250 rental and food min. and the VIP units that include a two person hot tub and privacy were $350 rental and food min for the day. Prices were higher during special events by $100. They also have a Club for the hardcore party people but it wasn't open on Monday when we were there. Definite good value and we are looking forward to going back!",5.0
"Its a bar/""grill"" in an airport- 'nuff said!  

The menu is lacking- but the staff is great.  Bartender greets everyone and was super friendly.  Our waitress was super friendly.  Gave my daughter a band aid- she didn't need one but it was one of those finger rubbers and my daughter thought it was cool.  I appreciated her effort to bring a smile to my daughter's face... its the little things! 

Food could be better, but we were hungry and delayed so it hit the spot. 

Music super loud- they have a few TVs hald are flat screened- the others were the big boxy ones!  haha!  Kind of looked out of place, but whatever!",3.0
"DISGUSTING! POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE! WILL NEVER ORDER AGAIN! 

It really takes a lot for me, not only to complain to the restaurant itself but to go through the grueling process of writing a review is unheard of in my world. I would have even kept my mouth closed and continued to frequent this establishment had they made me feel like a valued customer which I am and would have continued to be. 

First of all, the ""manager"" Bo is completely incompetent. My (almost) everyday ritual was to order the EXACT same sandwich through delivery and it has been good, most of the time. However, today it was terrible and only when you have a problem with your order will you start to see how poorly the rest of the business is run. 

After explaining my intention to take my business elsewhere due to the poor experience and also let others know, this ""manager"" Bo told me that I can stop ""threatening"" him. That doesn't sound like something a manager or someone with a vested interest in the company would say now does it? And furthermore, since when is letting a company know that you will take your business elsewhere a threat? 

Anyway, my tuna sandwich that I order almost everyday had more mayo than actual tuna. Thin strip of tuna, an inch layer of mayo glooping off the sandwich and getting all over my hands and everywhere else. It was very sloppy, wet, soggy and absolutely disgusting and they were not willing to fix the situation unless it was immediately at that moment due to a ""new company policy"". I will be calling and speaking to the GM tomorrow to question if this policy is real and if it will be continued because obviously you do not want another sandwich immediately when you have had a disgusting mess of one today. 

I will not be returning and will be spending a lot of time letting others know how bad the service is with this place. YUCK!",1.0
"Amazing ramen place that handmakes their own noodles right in front of you! Just be careful trying to take a picture of them running the noodles through the machine - it can get a little awkward when they see you taking photos of the employees.

I got the miso ramen. The broth was very flavorful and full bodied, the noodles were perfectly chewy and al dente, and all the toppings were delicious. One thing that I missed though was a lack of vegetables and more toppings. You can add extra toppings, but they were a little pricey and I expected a little more to come with my bowl, especially for the price. 

I ended up getting the original spice level because I can't take spicy food, but my friends got medium-hot level and they were all suffering greatly. If you're a spicy noodle lover, this is a good place for you, but be careful of what level you choose as they can make it really hot!",5.0
Delicious ramen! hope theh just have bigger space to accommodate and not waiting that long! Love their KimiFriedRice!,5.0
"This continues to be my favorite gun shop in the valley. They keep 22 ammo stocked consistently and it's priced very competitively. They always have a good variety of ammunition and occasionally have sales on AR mags! It seems like every one in the shop has a sarcastic sense of humor which is a huge plus in my book, it really makes young gun owners and first time gun owners feel welcome and un-intimidated. Their gun prices are pretty good as well I've purchased several at this shop and I've never feel a sting or feel like I'm overpaying. Overall very good shop.",5.0
"I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because the coffee is decent.

There was no way to contact them through their site and they didn't respond to my messages via Facebook so I'll just post my messages here and call it a review.

    ""I'd prefer to email you but since there isn't an address on your site...

    You have a barista working for you that has a horrible attitude.  I've been coming to your shop for many years and even though I now live out of town, I still stop by when I have business in the area.  I've been in twice in the last 3 weeks and both times she was, for a lack of a better term, ""shitty"".  I now live in Portland, Oregon, the world headquarters of ""I can't be bothered with your order / roll your eyes / holier than thou"" baristas so I'm used to it.  I'm also used to excellent service from high end third wave coffee shops

    The barista I'm speaking of has short brown hair and tattoos.

    Two weeks ago I stopped by with a friend (who owns a business on the street) and since he doesn't drink coffee often he asked me to order for him.  I ordered 2 cortados with a little vanilla.  When she presented them she announced the drinks in a voice I would use if I were telling a story to someone and wanted to make the person I were quoting sound like they were mentally retarded.  Yesterday I had a cortado and then later ordered one iced.  I'm aware that you wouldn't steam the milk and then ice it but instead of her just making a short latte or explaining that pleasantly, she mumbled a bunch of stuff under her breath to her translator (the man working the register) as she stared annoyed at the espresso machine.
    I'm 3 feet away from you.  I can see you, I can hear you and you can hear me.  I realize you can't be bothered with the common folk ordering coffee but you're just making more work by running every question and response through the other person.

    There are decent coffee shops popping up all the time in Pittsburgh.  I don't need to be patronized just to get a decent cup in your establishment.",2.0
"Elite Investigations just took the biggest weight off of my shoulders with the information they were able to find for me.  Not only was their staff professional, knowledgable, and understanding but they truly went above and beyond the call of duty for me.  I am so thankful that i chose do to do business with them.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.",5.0
"I went here today. I have been going to Larrys for about 8 years. Not going back.
I go about 4 times a year and stock up. Ran out of some items a couple months ago purchased a rack of ribs to slow cook in oven. Before they have cooked so tender no knife needed.  This past trip,  the counter person says, I have to open a new bag. Huh? Anyway, bought them,  cooked them the same as before but no joy. Too tough and fatty. I chalked it up to either a bad selection (which I didn't get to choose) or new supplier. Just told myself not get ribs there anymore.
Today was looking at the ribeye steaks. They looked terrible. Looked like gristle running through center of the steak, and small and overly fatty - not neatly trimmed at all. Didn't get that,  got ground beef instead. When I got home, when I went to repackage for the freezer, it just didn't look right and texture seemed different. Will see when I cook it if it is different or not.
At register just because, I mentioned it looked different inside - did the place get new owners.  Turns out yes, new owners. I don't know that the new owners changed suppliers,  but I am guessing it is either that or buying a lower grade of meat.
I hate to give a bad review of starting businesses,  but I go to a butchers expecting to pay higher prices for a higher quality product. I could have gotten the same or better at the regular grocery store from what I saw today.
Never again.",1.0
"Ok, so I have 2 confessions. 1) I'm a massage addict! 2) When I want a massage, I want it NOW! (Making an appointment is so overrated these days.) Relax Foot Spa is the perfect solution to both of those! Walk-ins welcome and you are sure to leave feeling like a million bucks. {Note: You may want to make an appointment if you go on a weekend, they tend to be busier then.} 

For $45 you can get the combination reflexology massage which works your feet, neck, back and legs. {Heat packs, warm towels, the whole deal!} for 60 mins. Yes, 6-0 not 50 like the common chain massage joints. I like deep tissue and they always use more than enough pressure. To say that you'll walk out of here with happy feet is an understatement. 

I'm also a firm believer that reflexology has CURED my sciatica!! The next time you need to release some tension after a crazy Monday or stressful week, this place is your answer, promise! And if you don't have an hour to spare, their 20 min chair massage will do the trick!",4.0
"Darnell is probably the main reason why this business does well. He was extremely nice and knowledgeable with the service. Not only were they on time, they were early to the appointment.. When does that ever happen?? They came in, got the job done, and left. Just the way I wanted.",5.0
"Ordered food at 1:55, was told it would be delivered within 35-60 minutes. It's now been 2 hours and I still have no food. Even if the food is amazing I'll never order or go to again. Yet if I don't tip I'm a jerk",1.0
"I was utterly shocked to see Carmellas rated on Yelp with anything less than 4 stars.  This place serves absolutely authentic homemade Italian dishes at their finest.  My wife and I have been going here for a little over a year and I am continually blown away.  Definitely on my 'short list' when eating out.    

Just finishing leftovers of the penne arrabiata.  Scrumtulescent.  Forget Papa Johns or Dominos and try their pizza next time you're in the mood.  It's superb. 

I have no idea how someone could conceivably think this place had canned pasta sauce.  Their sauce is so uniquely fresh and delicious.  A rival restaurant review perhaps?

If you love Italian, you should really check this place out.  Mike and his family will treat you right!",5.0
"I've been here a couple of times and this place has become a ""has been"" although I would question if it has ever really been a ""go to place"" ever. I would have to say Toronto is known for the consistently worse pizza in the world.  We have pizza on just about ever corner and none of them are good. This place does nothing to remedy this. Many of the pizza places don't use real cheese (eatable oil products from the ground aka crude oil for cheese).  If you are looking for warm and friendly this is not the place for you. The attitude here is not what it use to be. If you like cardboard with ""cheese"" and meat, then this place is for you. It's busy although I have never understood eating at restaurant just simply because it is trendy regardless how bad the food and service. Pizzeria Libretto is all about production, getting you in and getting you out quickly and service along with customer care is out the window. The foods not that great yet for some reason this place is popular. I can't figure it out.. can you? Compared to Leveto, no comparison.",1.0
"Definitely worth the hype! The service is excellent and the food is great. We had the meat and cheese plate, the steak skewers, and pizza special of the day which was a hot pepper and sausage pizza as well as a margarita pizza and everything was on point.",4.0
"One of the best doctors I've been to, it is so hard to fine a good doctor that knows what they are doing. He has always been timely in getting me referrals and has always been thorough when I've had medical problems arise instead of brushing me off like doctors often can do. The rare times where he isn't sure what else to do or if something needs specialized attention he will refer me to a specialist. 

I'm not sure what all happened when he previously worked at Fit, and really I don't care, he has been a great doctor for me and knows his stuff. I trust him and he has never broken that trust with me, he cares and that is what matters most in a doctor. When we move up north to Washington State I will definitely miss him and his staff. I hope I am able to find someone half as good!",5.0
We wanted to try a new Vietnamese restaurant in the area and many friends recommended this place. This is where we discovered Mi Quang!!! Never had it in my life and it was life changing! The owner highly recommended it and it's not even on their menu. It was so well balanced. It's a little sweet and a little spicy with both seafood and meat! That's usually weird but it works so well. Even the side dish of garnishes are different than pho. The sesame rices cakes on the side are a great touch as well. My wife has the vermicelli bowl with spring rolls and BBQ beef but we've had better else where. Fast service and very clean inside. Can't wait to try their other dishes next time.,4.0
"Thus far this has been the most complete museum experience I've had in Charlotte.  Even for two total NASCAR noobs, the museum is fun, engaging and interactive.  
You start with a brief video that outlines the history of NASCAR, and then move forward into the exhibits.  Of course there's lots of memorabilia, gear and automobiles on display, but the standout would be the many activity-based exhibits.  With your Hard Card, you can compete against family, friends and strangers in trivia contests, simulator rides, pit crew competitions, penalty scoring and refereeing, and many of the other behind-the-scenes sort of aspects of NASCAR racing.  There are one or two of these stations where you do have to sit and listen to a video or computer explanation for a while before you can actually start interacting, so if you have the patience you earn the points.
What was really impressive to me is how much time you end up spending here, again even as NASCAR nonenthusiasts.  The place is so interactive that hours pass and the only thing that might snap you out of it is a rumbly in your tumbly.  
As someone else mentioned, it's a bit much for little bitty kids, but your school aged kids should have a good time. 
Oh, and if you're a Bank of America customer, bring your card in on the first weekend of each month when admission is *!FREE!* for cardholders!  Yeah that aspect of it probably made everything seem even better to me.  Totally a fun place to go.",4.0
"I had heard rave reviews of the Bink restaurants and was excited for my first foray.

Well, that excitement was soon tempered by a less-than-stellar experience.

We arrived and were seated.  I took a good 7 minutes for us to even be acknowledged at our seats.  Finally, we asked for some water which was brought to us with a perfunctory ""sorry.""  Then, we had to ASK for bread.  Finally, our drink orders were taken, and we waited for our drinks in the time it would've taken to ferment a glass of wine.  The gimlet I had was just meh.  I've had better.  

Then, it took forever for the waiter to take our food order.  Once he did, we waited, and waited.....and waited.   He then told us that they were short-staffed that night and was profusely apologetic.  That helped ease the experience, but frankly not enough.  The butternut squash soup was good, but overall the food wasn't great.  The cauliflower tasted like they had haphazardly emptied their entire artisanal salt shaker onto it.  It wasn't worth complaining about, because by the time we could get anyone's attention and a new order it would've been a good hour.

I recommend the push-pop dessert which was made with lime sorbet and oatmeal ice cream.  It tasted like a key lime pie.  It was made ahead of time so was actually brought out rather quickly.",2.0
"The ""Best"" BBQ rib sandwich on the planet. Great portion, flavor , and price. I've never been to a place where everything on the menu taste great until I came here.. Friendly Staff , Cold Beer, Great Food !! Try it ..",5.0
Horrible. No one at the register. Myself and other customer waited for 5 mins and no one was there to take orders. We left empty handed. This is Dunkin Donuts corporate ... awful.,1.0
"My wife and I recently moved here from Orlando. After having the same dentist for 17 years, we were nervous about finding a new dentist. We live so close to Mountain Dental Group, we decided to start there. To be perfectly honest, we really expected to have to go through a few places until we found a good fit. Bingo! It seems the first time was the charm. We were impressed with how modern the equipment and facilities are. The office staff were friendly. Of course the real test is the dentist. Dr. Yanga has a great bedside manner and thoroughly explained everything. Suzanne did a wonderful job with my cleaning. Marlon assisted Dr. Yanga on a subsequent visit when I needed a crown, and was not happy until everything was absolutely perfect. I realize it is not possible to please everyone all the time. However, based on my four visits so far, I would say we found a winner.",5.0
"I wanted to give this place five stars so bad, but what holds me from doing so is the fact that they charge you change if you spend less than five bucks. I almost never carry cash and I find this so unfair, especially since I rarely spend less than five bucks; I always buy for all of my family. It just doesn't seem right. With that said, they have the best boba in Henderson hands down, I always try something different and I'm never disappointed. The boba pearls are always cooked perfectly, no complaints on the tea. This place is great, but please stop charging extra for spending less than five bucks.",4.0
"I think there are more people out there who are thankful for QQ Boba's convenient location. I'm so glad I don't have to drive all the way to Chinatown area to get boba drinks anymore! It's such a cute and dainty place, family-owned, and I'm very pleased to see that business has slowly but surely picked up for them. They take a little bit of time with that said, but I think it's worth the wait.",4.0
Awesome atmosphere. Great food and lots of choices in alcohol! Service was fast and friendly! Recommend for any game days or anytime!,5.0
"Stopped in because I had heard a lot about this place and as usual, people are wrong. The food is horrible. I didnt finish anything but my ice tea. Bland, cold and all around gross.

Al pastor and carne asada tacos on corn tortillas. The hot salsa. Cabbage.

Both the pork and the beef low quality. Every bite was full of gristle and to make matters worse it was cold.

Veggies were good. Chips were good.

I swear the cabbage was the most flavorfull thing on each taco.

The staff was great. Good kids working here who obviously want to do a good job.

Wada Street Tacos dont just have these guys beat, they are thrashing them in every way possible so do yourself a favor and go there.",3.0
I've only been here once but the food was fantastic! The tables are VERY close together so I think we will sit at the bar next time. We could hear the entire conversation at the table next to us and it was so distracting!,4.0
"I shop at Petsmart for cat food for the queen of our household.  Since I was doing other shopping at the plaza, I went here.

The stores are pretty much laid out the same.  I found what I wanted quickly, checked out very quickly, and I was on my way.

The cashier was friendly and efficient.  A good stop for the queen's food!",3.0
This place is the bomb. Wings are Devine and crunchy and jumbo sized. Get the half and half wings.,5.0
"This is my go to place for Indian food in Durham. The Naan is fresh, i really like the Peshwari Naan. I often take one home and have it for breakfast the next day. The Raita is nice, with a bit of tartness it makes an excellent foil if your main is a bit too spicy.  The mains that I've eaten have ranged from very good to excellent. 
I've been for their lunch buffet on a number of occasions, I especially like that the Naan they serve with the buffet comes straight out of the kitchen.",4.0
"So... What aren't there more of these in Las Vegas? Anyone? Bueller?

Seriously? How have I never known of this place? Not only is it decorated well... The service? Awesome... The food???! Wow fresh... The Banana Fosters shake? The best I've ever had... Seriously... Why does the south part of town get to have TWO of these and the rest of the valley doesn't get to share the wonder that is Cheeburger Cheeburger? 

I'm mad at myself for not finding this place sooner... 

Side not.. Each table has trivia cards, so nobody has to stare at their phones... I loved my experience here.",5.0
"Had the WORST club experience I've ever had last week here thanks to the bartender working in the Ivy Lounge area on Saturday night. He was a white bald guy with a beard and tattoos on his arms. 

Apparently he was one of the head bartenders but never had I had someone be so rude. I had ordered 6 shots of patron and 4 bud lights and 2 coronas so far in about a 20 minute period from him. I gave him 20 dollars in tip in about the 20 minutes I had gotten these drinks from him. I return to get another shot of patron for myself and get a patron shot chilled. He does not chill the drink and when he pours it he does not put a lime on there either. I put down a ten dollar bill for the patron shot and a one dollar bill, he didnt chill it and all i had left in the wallet were two hundred dollar bills which i did not want to break. When I ask for a lime for the shot he THROWS THE LIMES AT MY PATRON SHOT FROM BEHIND THE BAR. One of the limes plops into the patron shot which splashes onto my shirt. The other lime bounces off the glass and onto the girls dress that was with me. I try to get his attention and he completely walks away to the other end of the bar blatantly ignoring me. As I continue to try and get his attention he then points at the bouncer and points at me saying to kick us out. When I have done absolutely nothing wrong. He then says I am not allowed to get loud at the bar. The place was empty, and I wasn't loud. Then, he picks up the girl im with's beer and my lime soaked patron shot and pours them on the floor of the bar trying to look all cool and slick. 

Overall this is the worst experience I have ever had at an upscale club and will never return. I have been to label many times for many events. On New Years me and my friends got a table and spent over 4000 dollars on our tab. I am not some chump who comes in for the beer special and do not deserve to be disrespected by a two bit bartender. I have never had any experience like this but this bartender deserves to be fired and I don't want anyone to have to deal with him again. I will be trying to get in touch with the owners of label to make sure he is fired. I enjoy partying here but me and all the people I associate with will not be returning any time soon.",1.0
"I didn't know what to expect coming to a pizza place that has gotten rave reviews from people in Arizona. I didn't know what would come of a chain pizza restaurant. Was it going to satisfy my East Coast palette? Or was I going to be left to wallow in an endless craving for the perfect slice, set off once again by sub-par sauce, thick and chewy crusts, and a goop of who- knows- what- kind- of- over- processed- cheese beginning to line my arteries. 

This is a different kind of pizza. This is not the ""peasant pizza"" I am used to liking. This is also not the gourmet type you would find at Pizza Picasso. This is a kind of hybrid brand. 

Unlike the Prius I rented on my most recent trip to New York, I liked it. 

The sauce was tangy and ubiquitous. The cheese was light and tasty. Most of all the crust impressed me with its slightly sweet taste, perfectly complimenting the sauce and cheese combination. 

I also ordered a bowl of the soup of the day, which was tomato. Tasty. 

I'll be back, but not when I'm craving a NY slice. When I'm feeling a little fancy, I'll be back at Sauce.",4.0
Awesome tattoos! Awesome service! My girlfriend usually throws up during tattoos but because Holly worked with her and was patient my gf was able to get through the tattoo without any vomit!,5.0
"2012 Fall Restaurant Week Lunch #1. I'm going to try pump these reviews out fast. Just in case people had a hard time choosing where to go... like me!

My friend and I wanted to find a sushi place who offered a lunch course for Restaurant Week. We both never dined at Sushi Roku previously. It's located on the Strip side, 3rd floor of the Forum Shops. For Restaurant Week, they're offering a 3-course lunch for $30.12. We ordered each option. I've posted pictures of all our food.

For lunch:

1st Course:
Choice of: Spicy Tuna Hanabi (crispy rice cake) OR 
Seaweed Salad (cucumber sunomono, plum vinaigrette)

2nd Course:

Choice of: Sushi (tuna, yellowtail, salmon, albacore, whitefish, spicy tuna roll, miso soup) OR Grilled Petite Filet (homemade teriyaki sauce, steamed rice or mashed potatoes, miso soup)

3rd Course:
Choice of: Mini Chocolate Cake OR Fresh Fruit & Sorbet 

The appetizers were nothing spectacular, not even spicy. The sushi fish and miso soup did taste fresh. They didn't ask us how we wanted our filet cooked, it came to us medium-well. My friend didn't mind it, but I'm more of a medium-rare steak lover. Not only was I confused that a sushi place was serving mashed potatoes, they were pretty dry and ordinary. Spicy tuna roll was pretty standard. 

The chocolate cake was good, a bit too rich and dense for me. 

The tastiest thing was the mango sorbet. I'm not a big sorbet person, but this one was truly delicious. It wasn't mango-flavored. You could actually feel the strands of real mango in the sorbet. Best I've ever had. 

The presentation was great. The service was on point, from the hostess, bussers, our server, and the sushi chefs who greeted us hello and farewell.

I had a good time, it was one of those lunches where nothing went wrong, yet your tummy wasn't doing the happy dance when you left. The service and presentation, (and of course the sorbet!) made this 3-stars for me. I wonder if I would've had a better experience if I had come to order off the regular menu. Other than it being an opportunity to donate to charity, if Restaurant Week is a chance for establishments to show what they can offer, Sushi Roku didn't impress me that much...",3.0
"I was with a group of about 15, age ranging from about 18-25. We decided to go to Deja Vu since it was 18+ and got V.I.P Passes from a man on the streets for free, so long we give him a tip. (NEVER PAY FOR STRIP CLUBS IN VEGAS! Just walk down the strip and you'll see so many heads asking if you want free passes to the clubs and are only asking for tip which is like $5/person.) We were swooped up by the club's limo at our hotel. The limo couldn't fit us all so it had to make two rounds. When we first got there we just chilled in their adult store. The store looked like a ghetto shop. I know I wouldn't want to stick anything from there in the vajay, their shit looked used and abused! LOL. finally, after waiting 30 minutes, the rest of our group joined us. We entered and you had to pay a $10 bar fee charge which was ridiculous! The club wasn't too janky, it was cool. You can say it looks like the same one in the movie Striptease, filled with lights, stages, and a bunch of horny bastards, minus myself =). The guy in front asked us if we wanted to get a private section with 3 Champagne bottles and hookah for $10/person.  We obviously said yes and we sat in this cushiony section in the back of the club. while waiting, i notice a little menu on our private stripper stage and it said ""V.I.P Section! $150 dollars! blah blah, blah blah, some more blah, and 3 Bottles of NON-ALCOHOLIC Champagne!"" bitches jipped us hard! so we pretty much payed an extra $50 for useless apple cider! LOL. 

They had some cute girls in the club, but some looked like they just got out of class in the h.s down the street. LOL. a lady came to our table, she was a blonde girl who had long legs, a body, and an ugly face! hahaha! this lady was vicious looking, straight from 8 mile. her skinny body makes it seem like she doesn't eat! but i had to give it to her because she was nice.. the only one giving us attention. (probably because no one else wants her but whatever.) there were $1 lap dances and this girl went in circles. the guys would put dollars on their lap and she straight up asked them ""DO YOU WANT ME TO GRAB IT WITH MY PUSSY?"" jfal;ddsfsjfjf! (note to the wise, don't put money in your mouth, it was probably in someone's vajay.) boys obviously said ""DAMN!!"" as she did it, but us females were grossed out and grabbed our vajays as if we just got our balls kicked. I really didn't want that std dancing machine anywhere near me! I wasn't trying to get her infected vaginal fluids all up on my pants, even if my pants were cheap! but i got to admit, it was pretty fun and funny. after a while separated and went to other individual stages. some girls were really good, while others seemed like they couldn't wait for the song to be over! Strippers can be really rude if we didn't drop anything, but she should've blamed her lack of exotic dancing techniques. Other strippers there were really playful, and if you put a dollar anywhere around you're body, they'd grab it with their mouth! =D and i must say, it was pretty darn sexy.

FUNNIEST PART!
so there was a stripper at the club... OBVIOUSLY.. but anyways, she was the one that looked like she came straight out of class with her braces. after she was dancing, this girl went around the table on her hands and knees, literally. (collecting her dollars on the floor) and started asking us for tips! HA! hahaha. but that's not the funny part.. the next day, we saw her at the local mall with who seemed to be her parents! LOL! the end.

overall if you're trying to go and get all horny, it'll probably be just alright. but if you're looking for a fun memorable experience with friends, it's good. =)",3.0
"Love love love Mexx32! Food is great! Staff is great! Grady is our favorite bartender! My only complaint is the music... it way too quiet, spa like. #boring When I'm at a bar I want it to be lively and music is key! Please please change up the music!",4.0
"Stumbled into this place before climbing...it' the perfect place for pre/post climbing food. It's really flavorful. Really healthy. The Protein Bowl is the best way to start the day. 

It's also perfect to grab to go food for the crag. It really has it all!",5.0
"Today there were 5 women rockin' the grill and cooking.  They were working hard and having fun. Laughing and getting things done. Loved to see the great teamwork.  Service with a smile. 

And the food was great, as usual.",5.0
"Worst er hospital experience ever, and I'm not one to complain. I have worked in emergency medicine for 7 years and 2 months ago brought my infant in to be seen after having bloody urine and 104.3 fever. We had been discharged from another er the day before and he'd been screaming uncontrollably for 7 hours that day and I was having difficulty controlling his fever. When we got there, There was a long line just to be seen by the nurse, aka get triaged. After 30 minutes of waiting just to get to the front of the triage line the nurse didn't bother to even look me in the eye even though both my son and I were crying at this point. (On a side note, not one child in front of me was crying or in any distress). The nurse showed zero empathy whatsoever. Part of triaging is assessing the sickest children first but I didn't even get a glance for my very sick baby. While I was waiting, I spoke with our pediatrician who advised me to leave considering my son hadn't even had vitals taken after over 30 minutes. When I told the nurse I was leaving she said ""well as you can see we're very busy"". To which my reply was ""I'm not asking to skip the line, only have my baby's vitals taken in a timely matter. What if he has a ruptured appendicitis or something life threatening?"". I said ""if his vitals are normal I'd be happy to wait like everyone else, I just want him triaged"". We finally got the vitals which were relatively normal after I'd dosed him with Motrin and Tylenol. The nurse said it would be probably a 6 hour wait. So we left, and went to his pediatrician who saw us that evening to evaluate us since they were very concerned and we subsequently went to honorhealth Shea.

We got our first bill of $250 on July 5. We disputed it stating we never even saw a provider and were not triaged appropriately, the nurses were very rude and even our pediatrician advised we go elsewhere. The billing lady told my husband she would send it to her manager. Today, we received a bill stating they were sending our ""$50"" bill to collections. Ummmmmm what?! We've only received one statement which we contested so not sure how that qualifies to go to collections this soon. I will never advise a patient to go there for an emergency. Ever.",1.0
"Finally have been able to come to a Melt and they did not disappoint at all. Got to eat outside which is a pretty nice and cozy set up, especially since my wife and I were on a Date night. I ordered the 5 alarm chili and Black Cat. Words can't even describe how great they tasted, definitely put Melt on top of favorite restaurants.  My wife ordered the Melt Pig Roast and that was nothing less than spectacular also (I know since I helped eat some). The waiters and waitresses were just so friendly and nice and seem to go out of their way to make sure you are happy and enjoying your visit. Melt is definitely going to get return business from myself and wife and highly recommended to everyone.",5.0
"Nothing Greek about it, with many of the ingredients traditionally found in Greek dishes missing. Okay for a quick bite but nothing more than that.",2.0
"We gave this restaurant a second chance this evening after having an unpleasant experience during lunch time. My fiance grandmother ordered a blarney hamburger and my fiance ordered chili. We waited for a extended period of time to receive our food. When grandma asked where is our food the waiter said "" Well there is only 1 cook . He returned a minute later with their food. Grandma order was wrong. She asked for coleslaw instead of fries but got fries. My fiance asked for sour cream with his chili and cheese on the side, however he got cheese on it and no sour cream. I ordered an Irish brownie delight and at this moment a Still waiting for it to be delivered. The problem with this location is the staff. You can hear the staff in the back. Responding to the game and not getting the food made. There is only one person on the wait staff. This was there second chance and we will not be returning again. The name says it all"" foolery"" if you go.",1.0
"Why does no one make a bigger deal that we have a baseball stadium here in Las Vegas?

It's behind the Neon Sign Museum and next to the Natural History Museum.  All this time, and not any significant peep of its existence.

It's a small stadium, they don't have individual seats like in a major league stadium, but it's still very nice.  They thing most prevalent in Vegas is the ""it's the thought that counts"" mentality the locals get when it comes to non-Strip entertainment.  Either it's half-ass and kind of meager, but you can at least say we have whatever locale, or they really make the most with what they have.  This is a latter situation.

I found the stadium to be clean, in a good location (next to museum row), the food service was good, people were friendly.

Of course, it doesn't hurt that the 51's won on their June 3rd outing, but they really put some heart into the field with all the hokey music, the between innings games, and their mascot.  I can't really fault anything.  Of course, $1 beer night doesn't hurt matters, either.

Seriously, Vegas needs to get its priorities straight.  I've visited Vegas for 8 years, and lived here 2 1/2 years, and I never knew this place existed.  That's not to say that I'm the defining measurement of all things that happen in Vegas, but you'd think I would have heard of something by this point in time.  I'm sure tourists wouldn't mind knowing what's up either.

Nice field.  I could go back again and have a good time here no problem.",4.0
"Great hidden treasure away from casino theaters. Smaller and doesn't have a lot of the big name movies, but we still enjoy going to Village Square over any other Regal.",4.0
"we took one of our cats, bogey, is for a lion cut.  he is small but very hairy and develops huge hair balls  on his belly he willnot let me touch.  carmen took him in...and he is not easy...gave him a wonderful lion cut and we have a completely new cat.  he is full of himself, like a kitten, playful and funny.  he really feels better!  they treated him like a king and we could not be happier.  highly recommend!!!!!!",5.0
"This place has changed hands and as a result my two favorite menu items disappeared.  The live jazz disappeared.  And the last two times I went in there it was hotter than outside in summer...I had to leave because I STARTED to sweat when I went in there.  I was a regular patron here for a while and there are so few cafes open late in Toronto that it's a shame to cross this one off the list of tenable work cafes, but so be it.  

Maybe these are growing pains and the place will be better than it ever was in a few months (which will also be when the city starts freezing instead of melting).  Maybe I'll find then.",2.0
"This is a long overdue review. I came here for my birthday (January) because I read so many good reviews and someone even told me that Yasu came from Kaji so I thought to myself, it must also be excellent here.

We each ordered an omakase ($120 and $150) and a bottle of sake. The restaurant looks a little dated (typical look of a Japanese restaurant) and only seats around 20 people. We got the last two seats at the end of the bar facing the sink (water splashing with no fucks given) beside the kitchen (worse seats ever) with servers walking into my chair. We were served a variety of starters/appetizers none of which stuck in my memory because it wasn't anything spectacular. Mainly, traditional Japanese new year dishes and soup. The food arrived in a timely manner where we would finish a dish and the next one would be served within 5 minutes but when we got to the nigiri, we had plates after plates lined up in front of us. It was so overwhelming having 6-8 nigiri lined up that we lost track which one should be eaten before the next. It felt so rushed that we couldn't enjoy each piece. Their nigiri wasn't anything spectacular, if anything too much sauce or wasabi. What really ruined the night was the unagi nigiri I had. It still had bones in them and I tried picking as many out as I can but sure enough, one got lodged in my throat so I tried taking big gulps of tea, swallowing a chunk of rice, coughing it out, picking at my tonsils, nothing helped. I felt so uncomfortable that I even puked trying to get it out. I understand that the bones can be eaten from the unagi but clearly this isn't one of them. Their dessert was gelato with some random pieces of fruit and a soggy macaron. No thoughts or effort involved what so ever.

I didn't give them such a poor rating just because of the bone but because I had such high expectation of this place and thought the quality of every dish served would be decent especially for that price. Spending around $400 (tax and tips included) for dinner with ""meh"" food, leaving thinking to myself, what did I eat? Which piece stood out from the rest? How were they different or better than other places I went to? I honestly couldn't answer any of these questions.

I hate comparing them to other omakase places because I know every chef puts a little spin on the way the execute their dishes but this restaurant had such poor execution, lack of thought and very non-nonchalant attitude on what they were feeding their guests that leaves such a bad taste in a mouth, figuratively and literally.

I would not come back.",1.0
My nigga johnathan is the best fucking taxi cab ever he is cool and down as fuck he is fun he is down he is cute he is fast love him!,5.0
"Great store with an excellent choice of sizes on the sale rack however the short blond with grey eyes was basically rushing me out of the store told me it closed at 8 when indeed it closed at 9! She could use a refresher course in customer service, other than that, it's a nice store.",3.0
"I will say from the get-go that I would probably give August 8 an extra star if the value was there. The food is good but I feel that $28.00 per person ($26.00 on weekdays) is quite expensive compared to other AYCE sushi places I have tried in the GTA. The price doesn't even include tea, which I found a little crazy.

Clean and modern restaurant interior. Ordering via iPad at the table is convenient, and it's nice to see photos of the menu items. Tempura was great, thin crispy batter and not too greasy. Dim Sum was quite forgettable--wouldn't recommend it. Sushi was fresh, and had good flavor. They also have Sapporo on tap.

The service could be improved upon a bit--we had to ask for more water a few times, asked for wasabi and ginger twice (which was brought out in one small bowl that was not easy to share). To be fair though, everything we ordered on the iPad came out quickly. 

All in all, I will go back, but for lunch instead as the price is almost $10.00 cheaper for the same AYCE menu.",3.0
"Bland and overpriced. Not sure why the ratings for this place is high, food was terrible.",1.0
"We were only driving through Cleveland on the way to Milwaukee, and we needed to stop for lunch. This is a pretty small restaurant, but it is very well decorated and arranged. It was quiet---perhaps because they just opened for the day, and there was only one other table full--- which was a nice break from the usually noisy restaurants. The food is your basic sandwiches and grinder fare, which they did pretty well and pretty inexpensively. The server was sweet and attentive, perhaps because she didn't have much else to do, but nevertheless, was better than many of the others on our trip. Nice little spot that bodes well for Westlake's image.",4.0
"Got sick 3 times. Should have learned the first....maybe the second time but was hoping it was an isolated incident, maybe just me.....as much as I used to love this place Im not risking that again. Dont know what happened and can only speculate....",1.0
"Was here on Sat/22 Mar about 11 am:
- Had the $8.95(?) steak & eggs, for the price it was pretty good.
- The bartender also was the waitress, but the place was mostly empty so it wasn't a problem.  She was pretty nice, always refilling my glass of water.
- There's wi-fi, no password needed.  Plenty of TVs to watch.",4.0
"First off, I'm chinese, so I know what's good chinese food. I have to say the food at mr. Chow is subpar. We ordered dungenese  crab and duck. The dungenese crab is mostly eggs mixed a tiny bit of crab meat, and the ducks are mostly left over duck meat. Very disappointing and not worth the money at all. 2 courses + water costed $130. You can get much much better authentic Chinese food with fraction of the cost in China town just a few blocks away. The restaurant decor is modern and the ceiling lights rotate once in a while, but I guess most of the money you pay for is for the decor and not for the food.",1.0
Good customer service but I was a little disappointed because one of our dish came out mostly burnt that's the grilled pork chop. They didn't give us enough silverware we had to keep asking. Otherwise not bad,3.0
"If you're craving some good pho, this is a good place to go.

Kinda of weird because it looks like an old school diner, but come to find out its a Pho restaurant. 

The rice dishes are good, I got the BBQ pork with rice. And my GF got the steak pho which you can never go wrong with.

They have fast service and are clean.",4.0
"Good things come to those who wait. This isn't your ordinary fast food. Be prepared to invest some time and money into your lunch/dinner, It will be well worth it! I recommend the Carne Asada tacos or the crazy potato! Then take yourself to the salsa bar to load up extra fixings on that perfect meal. Owners are terrific, the staff is friendly, and the restaurant is very clean and open. Seating is open and available inside and outside. This is a 2nd location and my preference over the original Mesa location.",5.0
"If you want to run to the restroom all night, then this is the place for you!",1.0
"Great haircut! Great price, too. I was on vacation and needed a quick cut. Its next to a coffee shop. The barbers are really friendly. Worth looking up!",4.0
"If you're on the road to or from Vegas, make it a point to stop here. Great burgers, huge pile of fries and great price. The staff is friendly and the place is clean and fast.",5.0
This is my favorite place to eat in Boulder. I live in AZ but I try to eat here every time I'm in Boulder city. The fry sauce is the best! We always have to order extra because it's so good. Love Pit Stop! I would recommend this place to anyone.,5.0
"Contractors always state there fees via phone or on arrival after assessing the job.
Additionally, there is only one ""emergency"" fee if at all with such contractors. Dry Force came on the recommendation of a plumber. They came on a weekday during business hours.
Dry Force came for a proposed leak behind drywall in a bathroom. The job took 3 hours and a few days of a dehumidifier and heaters.
We were billed 2 separate ""emergency"" visit fees at $195 EACH for ""demolition"" and ""water extraction"".  We were also double billed for labor. We were billed 6.5 hours for water extraction and 3 hours for demolition.
It was a small job and we paid $1500!
It was inappropriate billing.  Speaking with the manager was even more dissatisfying - ""how are we supposed to make money, this is the industry standard"".  She finally omitted one $195 emergency fee to keep the cost to $1500.",1.0
"What a fun dinner. The atmosphere and experience are both wonderful. I personally really enjoyed the food but our group had a hard time with a few of the dishes. It is definitely more of an ethnic type of food then most cuisines.

The style of eating and atmosphere make it a great experience that I feel everyone should at least try once.",4.0
Delicious and fresh and the staff are so nice! Tons of vegan options too! We will be back! They also sell some of their items at Whole Foods.,5.0
"Had the brunch buffet today.  Lots of selection, from eggs benedict, to belgian waffles, roast beef, ham, pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, salad bar...  It wasn't very busy, but I'm guessing it was because people were away for the long weekend.  Service was fine.  The guy at the carving station was very friendly and helpful.  Sadly, the scrambled eggs tasted powdered and the salad bar seemed a bit wilty.  All in all, I thought it was good for $19.99.",3.0
"One of the best nail salon for sure. modern and chic dcor, doesn't smell like your typical nail salon coz they do mostly gel? Their 3D art is awesome...my daughter luvs it! They also post your nail on their instagram site...so you can get ideas there too. 
I don't stay with one tech as everyone I've tried been 4-54stars, just specify your likes and dislikes...for me, I like mine thin with 2-3coats and close to cuticles...so that's like something I tell them everytime otherwise I end up with useless fingers for couple of wks (nails too thick cant pick up anything....ughh frustrating!)  
I do mine pretty regular nowadays, so I just get the soak off and application -comes up to $30? plus tips. If you soak off/remove old gel at home,  it will only cost $25. 
Like any salon, if you don't specify what you want you may end up with extra services u may not need...they charge $10-$15 extra cuticle removal and some hand massage. Unless you have cuticles up to your neck, the regular application shd be enough as they have to trim and file your cuticle anyway. 
Give them a try, I'm certain you'll like them !",5.0
"In the last couple of weeks we've visited Rustler's Rooste twice.  The first time we went was with a group of ten for Happy Hour.  It was a great place to go.  We had great seats with views of Phoenix.

The service was good and so was the food.

The second time we went was a little over a week later.  It was our anniversary and we were anxious to try the steaks.  Again, the service was good.  The steaks were cooked perfectly and extremely tender.  Our only wish was that they had been seasoned. 

We ended up at a window seat with a group of 7 or 8 at the table next to us.  It was obvious they were in the area from out of town and on business.  How did we know?  Each one tried to talk over the other and we couldn't help hearing every conversation they had.  Obviously, we moved.

Rustler's Rooste is a unique place to visit.  We love the decor and the view.  We also liked going down the slide.  The first time we did and the second time a family had several kids that thought it was a toy to go over and over again. 

Oh well, we would go back.",4.0
"For my boyfriend's 27th birthday I wanted to take him to a nice steakhouse. He suggested Rustler's Rooste as a nostalgic visit. As a kid, he remembers frequenting the restaurant to celebrate anniversaries, weddings and good company. I was very excited to take him to the restaurant for that purpose and it would be my first visit there. It will also be my last.
When I arrived, a dead fly was on the salad plates that are on the table. When I told the waiter, he seemed rather unphased by the occurrence. I also asked that he provide straws for the water. After being away for some time, he arrived with our drinks and a small kids cup that held the straws. When I picked up the cup, I looked inside to find it was coated with what appeared to be paint chippings and dirt. It was like he grabbed the cup from the back of a dense closet. 
Our food arrived, but was left by the cook and we waited for our waiter bit to arrive and serve. I ordered the swordfish and it was very chewy. The steak was okay, certainly not worth the price. My boyfriend had the chicken- he was pleased with the barbeque, but the green beans were cold. The cowboy beans provided tasted like ketchup and pepper, absolutely horrible. 
I never received a refill, but our waiter was hard to find. He was pretty clueless. I think that reflects more on the restaurant than his skill sets. 
When we left it was a relief. The only reason I will go back is if I am asked to participate on Restaurant Rescue, or to save my unborn child's life.",1.0
"Nice location and plenty to see , worth a stop . Price range from low to high, several dealers
This area has grown in the last 10 years with Antique stores and if you like the Collectible ,nick nack style  Antique shops it is worth the drive from Vegas!",4.0
Cute little dive bar hidden behind Starbucks on the SE corner of 16th and Bethany.  The women's bathroom is surprisingly decorated (will have to see for yourself).  I love how they decorated for Christmas with all the lights.,4.0
"I am reviewing the original Tempe location.  Given all the great reviews this place has gotten, I was wondering what I could add that hasn't already been said.  It's not only the only place in Tempe you can get a cornish pasty, but they are also freak'n awesome.  The Lovely Bit of Salmon was my favorite, but alas given my newly discovered gluten intolerance I am not able to part-take in such loveliness any more:  :(

But nevertheless, I still come here every now and then with my friends and husband.  They all chow down on the yummy pasties while I chow down on my salads, sides, and soups.  So, I decided to concentrate my review on those items. (Some of these dishes are not gluten free.  I had them before I found out about my gluten intolerance.) 

Soups:
They offer a variety of soups.  I have tried: 1) the cream of leek, potato, and stilton, 2) the cream of tomato and crouton, and 3) the red pepper, black bean, rice, chicken, and jalapeno.  They were all very good, but I was informed that only the red pepper one is gluten free.  I had the first two before I found out about my gluten intolerance.  Not only are their soups really tasty, full of flavor, they are all also accompanied by thick slices of fresh bread and butter, baked and churned in-house.  Absolutely delicious!  The are perfect accompaniments, and a bowl at $4.75 would make a tasty and light lunch that won't break the bank.  

Sides: 
The garlic mashed potatoes and the garlic roasted potatoes are also very good.  Pretty much what you should expect.  Creamy mashed potatoes and nicely roasted red potatoes with a hint of garlic.  Not too garlicky.  

The mushy peas is one of my favorite side dishes that they serve.  I think I prefer them to the potatoes simply because they are something different that I can't get anywhere else.  And these ain't  no ordinary peas.  They are huge for peas.  Cooked really well.  Not too mushy (overcooked), even though they are ""mushy"" peas. There is a great texture and freshness to this dish.  The texture of these ""mushy peas"" is more like crunchy peanut butter than creamy peanut butter if we were speaking of peanut butter that is (it's an analogy. . . just go with it), and I think the freshness and the texture go hand in hand from not overcooking the peas.  

The broccoli and cauliflower cheese bake is also a nice dish.  It makes me think of mac'n cheese, but with cauliflower and broccoli instead of mac noodles.  I dont think this dish is gluten free.  It seems to be made with a cheese sauce that is thickened with a flour rue, then baked to give a nice golden, crusted top.  It was tasty as well, but could have used a bit more seasoning.  It was my least favorite of all the sides I have had. 

All their salads are also pretty good.  The veggies in the salad are pretty much the same regardless of which salad you get: ice berg lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions.  Except for the Greek and pasta.  The Greek has feta and olives, and the pasta has a whole list of its own ingredients.  

What differentiates the various salads are the additions and the dressing.  Beside the basic garden and Greek, the three other salads to choose from are: 1) the salmon or chicken caesar, 2) the chicken tikka salad, and 3) the sausage salad.  The salmon caesar is a great substitute for the Lovely Bit of Salmon pasty.  The salmon is cooked very well.  Juicy, not overcooked and not undercooked, seasoned just like the salmon in the Lovely Bit of Salmon.  Ask for a side of the white wine and dill dressing that usually accompanies the Lovely Bit of Salmon and you will not regret it.  That sauce is amazing.  This is my favorite salad. The chicken tikka is also good.  The chicken is marinated in a red rub or spice, like what you would find with tandoori chicken, and served on a salad with yogurt dressing.  Finally, the sausage salad was not my favorite.  They make the sausage in house, but I was a bit disappointed with the flavor and the way it was cooked.  It was overcooked, very dry, and a bit off.  I'm not sure if I would order it again.  I've had it twice and it was the same both times.

Overall, this is one of the best restaurants in Tempe!",5.0
"Delicious - all of the pasties are great, and I really love the lamb vindaloo one. Ask for a little bit of cucumber and red onion on the side and nibble a little of each with every bite dipped in the yogurt sauce - perfect ^_^ I've been to this one and the one in Scottsdale; this one is great for date nights, while the other location is a little better for families. The food and beer at both are phenomenal!",5.0
"Oook...my husband and I have been here a few times and I would call it my new spot but last night I came across a baby roach crawling it's way around the salsa bar. Now, I understand and know that restaurants attract rodents bug isn't it the responsibility if the people who run these places make sure shit like that is taken care of?! I mean come on bro...""yea can I get a burrito with sour cream, hold the roaches"" hell to the no. My husband will eat anything so I think he didn't mind rodent in his food and he said he thinks the roaches came from the kabob place next door lol! Either way, super gross. I don't know about anyone else but I will never return to eat here nor will I recommend it..",1.0
"Not wheelchair accessible and no handicap parking spaces. Fail! We have contacted this business twice, beginning July 2014, and still no w/c parking.",1.0
"Easy pick up, even cheaper than quoted, as AAA member got free car seat.",5.0
"Went here a few years back, I still tell people to this day never to go. I went here after my old dentist retired. They told me I had 15 cavities and the bill was going to be around $4500 and the office assistant at the time could help me set up care credit to pay for it all . I was so upset never had any dentist told me my bill was going to be so outrageously expensive, so I decided to get a second opinion. Well, got a second opinion, the next dentist only wanted to charge $400 for the work. BUT the reason I still tell people to this day to stay away is that when I called the office lady back and told her not to submit my application for the care credit I thought all was fine till I pulled my credit report 6 months later and found that she in fact did not stop the application. I had derogatory reporting that took me another 4 months to fight and dispute it. The office lady submitted the application with my name and social, but with the office address and phone number. So at no point could care credit contact me to let me know that there was a $25 application fee that was never paid. Worst dentist experience ever!",1.0
"Listen, I'm no strip club connoisseur but I've been to a few and when I say a few I mean like 3.  This one would have to fall right in the middle in terms of quality of the girls and the fact that the space inside is a bit too cramped.  I don't want to feel like I'm right on top of another.....dude!  Lol.  So would I come back?  Sure, but probably only if #1, my girlfriend goes with me :) or #2 someone needs their strip club cherry popped.  Otherwise....I'll pass!",3.0
"My husband surprised me with a stay-cation at the Westin Resort for the weekend and we ate here on our first night!

Let me just say, I LOVE MUDDLED DRINKS, I am not a fan of cosmos or martini's or anything that just tastes like strong alcohol - BLAH! For me stronger isn't better, flavor and uniqueness is better! This place has by far the best muddled drinks I have ever had! If you just want to go for drinks they have this cute little drink bar right before you enter the restaurant - separate from the main dining which I thought was nice. The decor is romantic latin! I love it! 

We started our dinner first by receiving these potato rolls. OMG where have these been my entire life!!!!???!! They are just fall apart in your mouth good! We both ordered mambo mango drinks - STELLAR! We then got the tres ceviches (lobster escabeche / mixto clasico / ruby red tuna) the lobster was the best! But all very good. However the crab empanada was my favorite! YUM!

My husband got the jidori chicken and myself the adobo pork. Both were good but not GREAT. Too much seasoning on my pork. To me this place is a MUST go to for drinks and small bites. I would have given this place five stars but the entrees just didn't do it for us. However, it was not horrible - just okay. The rest of our experience with dinner - service, restaurant ambiance, overall feel and all of our food and drinks before the entrees was AMAZING! So we will be back just for a more small bites and drink night!",4.0
Wow! Totally impressed. Super fresh and delicious. Made with love. The fried chicken and biscuits were the best I ever had. Their homemade soda is exceptional. They even give you all natural ketchup and real cream for your coffee. Love this place. Will definitely be back.,5.0
Delicious brunch. And just went there for lunch and hit the southern belle grilled cheese. I don't know how a grilled cheese could be that delicious but it was the best. And the service was fantastic!,4.0
"I bought a grupon for $62 and honestly
I wasn't satisfy at all. The guy came at 8:30 am that was good,
and he started offering other services, in which is ok, but  it took like 20 minutes, and apparently because I didn't buy anything else, regarding to the chemical and deep cleaning carpet service, the basic service that I bougth it was like doing a quick  vacuum to my carpet, something that I can do by myself in 15 minutes. It was like ""let me do this rush"".... Your employee didn't do his best effort to make a customer satisfy and been happy with  your company. Definitely I don't recommend it, period!!!!",1.0
"So I'm waiting in line to order take out and watch the 2nd round of the NFL playoffs, and the hostess informs me I have to be seated to order take out. Really? Fail!

I'd like to give no stars if yelp allowed!",1.0
"Aghhh!! What happened to my Borders?

In the mid-to-late 90's it was a glimmering hot spot. A dating place for geeks. A bit of a pick-up joint. Every weekend night (and most of the weekday nights) the line to the cashier snaked back to the magazine racks. Every section was stocked with the latest. 

And now?

I guess the Internet happened to Borders. And the Kindle. And the Nook.

Sad, but that's the way of it.

Still a good place to visit, but mainly for those who can't hear the echoes of the crowds that used to inhabit it.",3.0
My boyfriend's card information was taken after he paid. A few days later he had transactions on his card from another state. NC Tavern- you're losing a long time loyal customer. Future visitors: PAY IN CASH!,2.0
"Really cool salt water aquarium shop. Not ready to start a tank, but definitely worth the visit. They know what they are doing!!",5.0
"5 stars this time around for the amazing service provided by Sou! Actually, I've never once had a bad experience here in terms of customer service. 

I was dragged here by a gf who loves Brew Tea and after my 3rd visit, I didn't want to come back. I never really found a milk tea drink that I liked from here despite adjusting the sweetness down. I told Sou I didn't like their milk tea, Hokkaido milk tea and brew tea so he suggested jasmine milk tea, less sweet. I told him I would think about it and he went ahead and made me a sample! I was immediately hooked. 

The jasmine milk tea is STRONG. It has a very strong tea taste to it, which I love. It was aromatic and perfect in terms of sweetness. Thanks Sou, I can't wait to be back!

Their Hokkaido milk tea is on the sweet side, so if you don't like super sweet I would recommend adjusting it down to a level 3 or even a 2.
 
My friend loves their black tea latte and it's also pretty good from here. I highly recommend their black tea latte OR jasmine milk tea!",5.0
Their lattes are so addicting! Customer service is impeccable! Staff is always smiling and super friendly!,5.0
"This business is located near my home.  We stop in maybe once a month just to check on the poor animals they sell there.   Each time we have been there, the pet cages have been absolutely filthy and sometimes the animals do not have water in their water containers. If they do have water, it is also filthy.  The owners and staff do not appear to care when we bring this to their attention.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.",1.0
"My fianc and I had the pleasure of finding this place and doing business with Jack & Debbie. We normally don't do anything without yelping it first, so we were a bit skeptical because of the zero reviews. Let's just say we are SO glad we stumbled across AllStorage.
They truly care about what they do plus they offer competitive prices and promotions. (We ran into this place after receiving horrible service from another storage company just a couple blocks down)
Their friendly service was welcoming but their free month PLUS free Uhaul is what sealed the deal! 
Even after signing the papers and such, if we see them while passing through the gates, they always give us a friendly smile and wave :)
No regrets here, this business deserves more than just 5 stars!",5.0
"There are only 3 locations, but well worth the drive if you don't happen to live nearby. Plenty of things you're not going to find at places like GameStop; when I needed a GBA SD charger and a GBA-GCN link cable and Bookmans turned up dry, someone directed me to Fallout and I have never been disappointed. There will be things that you often can't find there, like newer games and consoles sometimes, or the rare, obscure game we wish we had never traded for store credits (Custom Robo, I made a grave mistake, I'm sorry...).

I was greeted by friendly staff and had pleasant conversations about, of course, video games old and new. Every time I go I have a blast looking through this time capsule. I would definitely recommend I you're looking for something old, but can't guarantee that you will find any new consoles or games that you want.",4.0
"In an area with many options to eat, Fratellos blows them out of the water. My service has always been wonderful, the food far beyond compare, and deserts to die for! I love the eggplant!",5.0
"Incredibly cushy beds, a cool Japanese theme, giant bathrooms with rock waterfall showers, nice views of the Strip, easy access to pools and the casino, and comfy robes that you can throw over your swimsuit and wear downstairs (if you're daring enough to walk through Caesar's in a robe)?  Nobu rocks.

My friend and I crashed in Nobu's huge, luxurious rooms during a conference at Caesar's recently.  I booked the cheapest room in Caesar's I could find, so I expected lackluster accommodations.  Not the case.  Nobu far outstripped my expectations, and I actually think the room was worth the price (not something you would often hear from me remarking on a more than $200/night room).

If you're coming in for a conference and want a slightly unique venue, check Nobu out!",5.0
"I like the fact that they carry a bit of everything. BUT  if you order something from seafood department, be sure to weigh your purchase. Found out at home that  I paid for the  heavy cardboard box that they put my fish in.",3.0
Have dined here several times over the years and have nothing but great things to say. The staff is very friendly and the food is awesome. I love being able to order pasta that isn't the same old boring entrees you see at many other restaurants. Their polenta is some of the BEST I've ever had and the mushroom risotto is phenomenal. Love this place!,5.0
"Went here last night for the first time to see 13 Hours-Benghazi. The cinema is great. I was spoiled by another theater the last few years that is very similar. Regal was a bit more in cost but has more room and servers that take your orders and bring them to you rather than standing in long concession lines. Sound was great along with picture. Searing is more roomy. Ordered tickets through fandago, picked our seats and check in was quick and easy via cell phone.",4.0
"I come here every morning most weeks. They have exceptional services and remembered my drink along with my name just a few short times after going. My favorite drink is the white chocolate annihilator, which has never tasted burnt much like the corporate coffee giants. As long as Dutch Bro's is around I will be a loyal customer.",5.0
"I have been meaning to write a review about my experience here January of 2012. I had not been back there since until my job started ordering from here. Every time we order 1. We ALWAYS have to wait even though our food would be scheduled to be picked up at a certain time and 2.Tthey would always try to charge us different amounts and we would have the same order every time. So, now I am really never returning. But, back to last January.....

There were 15 of us for our friends birthday party. His fiance called and made the reservations and even called earlier that day to make sure they still had us down for 15 people at 9PM. They said everything was scheduled and they would see us later. We waited for about 1 hour and a half for our table and were not seated til @ 10:30. When we got to our table it was only set up for 12 people. We moved the table around and asked other tables for chairs with no help from the staff. We waited for a bit to get our drinks. Some people even went to the bar since it was taking a little while. Our waitress asked us to all fill out a sushi form even if we were not getting sushi and that is how she would take our orders. We all filled out our forms and turned them in. She brought out the appetizers and forgot one couples Edamame. She eventually brought it out. Then she brought out our entrees. Meanwhile, getting refills on our drinks was nearly impossible.  She brought everyone's meals out. I asked about mine. She went into the back to check on it, came out about 5 minutes later and told me "" I forgot to put your ticket in but the kitchen is closed now so you can't get any food. I am sorry"" and walked away. So, I NEVER RECEIVED A MEAL!!! My husband and our friends shared with me. Our friends fiance went to the hostess stand and complained to the manager. She was told a complimentary bottle of Champagne would be brought to the table and we would all be discounted on our tickets. Then, without asking if we wanted deserts or coffee, our waitress brings our checks. We told her about the discount and champagne. She said the manager never told her. She took our tickets back and came back about 20 minutes later. Our ticket and the couple with the late edamame had the discounts. Everyone else's was full price and one of our friends just didn't get a bill!  We never received the Champagne and the manger never came to our table.

Needless to say this was not a pleasant experience and I have seen the same waitress there when I go to pick up food for work. Based on other reviews for this location it does not appear that things have changed either. Do not recommend going to this restaurant. The OK food is not worth the bad service.",1.0
God for the half price night and order some calamari. Other than that there is way better sushi around this part of town.,2.0
"What a terrible experience!
Replay bad customer service, I didn't get to try the food because after they ask me to move from one table to another table, I decided not to take any more risk and left the restaurant.",1.0
"Le Reve is a phenomenal show!  

The performance blended aerial stunts with high diving with synchronized swimming with acrobatics.  There were performers coming up from under the water, down from the ceiling and up and down stairs and platforms.  

Every section has equal view, as all the seats circle around the stage, and the performers are on all sides.  However, two of the staff at Wynn, in separate conversations, had mentioned row G was the best, as you are in the middle of everything above and below you (that was where we ended up sitting, and it was perfect)

They sell this package deal where you can sit in recliners, and get champagne and truffles...but upon seeing the venue, it really didn't seem worth the extra money to sit in those seats.  They are all the way up, so you are looking down on the whole show, vs the feeling of submersion with the regular seats.",5.0
"We were here a few times today while in town unexpectedly. My hubby stopped in first and overheard an all-staff meeting centered around how they can I improve their customer service. We both stopped in a bit later for a drink at the wine bar. I was enchanted with being able to eat sushi, get a glass of wine or beer, free cheese pairings, and the like. 

Several hours later I couldn't find a jacket I had brought on our trip. I retraced my steps and figured I left it at the wine bar, so I called the grocery store and asked. The woman who answered said no one had turned in a jacket today. I asked - really? Could you check at the wine bar? She asked me what time I was there and then informed me that they would have already turned it to her since it was ""so long ago"" (6 hrs). 

My husband and I proceeded to tear apart our hotel room and unpack all our luggage, to no avail. He went back to the grocery store and there was my jacket at the wine bar. 

He went to the customer service desk to show the woman with whom I spoke. She told him that she was ""busy when she spoke to me"". Too busy to transfer me to the wine bar, or take a number and call me back, apparently. Customer service still leaves something to be desired, even after a staff meeting about it.",3.0
"The girls who scheduled were very helpful in getting me a 1 hour window for the techs arrival.  They followed up the morning of to let me know the tech was on his way.  Patrick arrived and was very pleasant and easy to work with.  Diagnosed the issue very quickly, but took the time to do it right.  Also advised me on new appliances and what to look for, etc.  Overall great experience and would recommend Patrick and American Air anytime",5.0
"Some friends and I decided to take a random road trip to Toronto back in January. As we were roaming around the streets stopping into pubs, a random female tells us to walk a few blocks and check out the Village Idiot Pub. This was by far the best advice we received all weekend. Our server, let's call him Marlin because none of us can remember his real name, was very knowledgeable about all the beers in terms of how and where they were brewed and flavor notes to be picked up. I was also extremely impressed that the bar would not serve a beer if they did not have the proper glass. Beyond all of this, Marlin was simply a cool guy. 

We had a few rounds, and got some great advice from Marlin on other bars to check out during our short excursion. I would rate this one of the best bars that we visited over our fast weekend. I would definitely come back to Toronto just to stop into the Village Idiot and have a beer with Marlin!",5.0
They serve these tender turkey ribs with this sauce.....really that's all you need.  They routinely sell out.....so call ahead.  Tip: grab a bottle of local made wine to wash it all down.,4.0
This place deserves 2 stars because one time me and my friend got out of school so we went to use the restroom right when we came out this lady yelled at us and told us to leave because they said there was graffiti and I don't even no how to graffiti and I would never do it because it's wrong so me and my friend left and the lady said we have to use the family restroom so I would go to use the family restroom after school a couple months later they put a sign so I couldn't use that one so I had to find somewhere else to use the restroom or I would call my parents to pick me up sometimes I even had to make up excuses to go to the nurse just to use the restroom. One time I went swimming with my family and they didn't let wear goggles that block my nose  so I took care of my younger cousin because if water gets in my nose I start coughing and my nose starts to burn so bad I also think the showers should be more private I was about to shower when this guy opens the curtain and sees me washing off I got so furious I actually turned off the water and stormed off and left to go back outside and went to take care of my younger cousin I plan to go in a month hope to see older people instead of teenagers watching out for us they probably don't have a lot if experience and hope they are nicer,2.0
"Beach Cafe, what can I say (haha that rhymed). I have always been weary of trying new places, I mean I love doing it but at the same time you're always scared it's a miss. But considering it was in walking distance and I was in Vegas this is the place to try new places. Me and my friend walked to here and from the get go it's a nice little cafe. Plenty of seating, and everyone is pretty friendly. There menu is nice, I mean I wish they were in Cali where the beaches are. It makes me kind of sad cause honestly it beats out the one breakfast/lunch place we have here. But at least it gives me somewhere to look forward too when I come back. Me and my friend ended up coming six days out of the seven days we were here. I ended up mainly getting the cafe breakfast with a bagel and bacon. And their iced coffee. I'll admit the first few times it was kind of watered down, but it did its job and it's free refills. Their sun kissed iced tea is yummy and sweet too. I did have their bbq bacon cheeseburger and fries and they were good too. I mean I wish I had tried more variety but I'm kind of a plain jane kind of guy. The cafe breakfast ended up being my go to, and I'm not a huge breakfast person. They also have specials here and there. They had a captain crunch French toast that was to die for . The prices were fair, I usually ended up paying about 10 for my food and drink. On top of it if you're the type to frequent this place. Ask for a meal card you get a free meal after about I believe 10 or 12 meals. But hey, free food is always good.",5.0
"I agree with Karen L.  This SDM is closer to Spadina so it's one of the easier access places to get snacks and drinks before going to the dome for a game.  

It has a bit of an industrial look with exposed ceilings but with new shiny floors yet it's still bright enough and organized without having to be overly white in color with overkill white light either.  

It's deceivingly large inside and is better looking than most Shoppers stores.  With the same products and even groceries while in a good location?  That's a win.",3.0
"So in my search for something that was good an luxurious I came across Mastro's (weird name, one want to think Maestro's non?). I reserved a table and the plan was to go there, have drinks and then sit down for dinner before we head out into the weird Old Town of Scottsdale. 

We came and the girls up front was very accommodating and since we were early they tried to seat us quickly. Very nice and they really didn't have to, but still nice. I must say the drinks were ok. I felt the style and flair was on par but the quality wasn't just there. This was the overall opinion in my party. 

We sat down and our waiter was funny yet professional He could not be stumped. And as we put in our orders, the evening continued. Then we had a good conversation with a very passive aggressive sommelier about what wine we felt we wanted. A sommelier shouldn't be a yes-man (or woman in this case) but not have such snobbish attitude when asked a few questions. I was surprised about this. Very.

We had fun and we ate and we drank. We all had steaks. Decent in size and quality. And here is the most amazing thing of all.. the meat was tender, but very salty. I immediately suspected tenderizing methods - which in all actuality is beneath an establishment like this.

The establishment itself is very nice... a bit loud, but very beautiful and stylish. 

In the end we had a good time and the service was amazing... but the sommelier and the quality of the meats was not up to snuff. There was a few sides that was also very plain. I guess I just expected more. I will go to another place next time. There was just too many things that didn't feel right with this place.",3.0
"My son broke the screen on his ""new"" Samsung Galaxy smart phone.  Given it has a touch-screen, I had assumed that it was irrepairable.  On a whim, I decided to stop-in to Quick Mobile Repair after seeing their street sign on the SE-corner of Cave Creek and Union Hills Road.  Nick Fazio has a small shop set up in the back of a local smoke shop, but don't let his humble operation mislead you.  He was able to repair my son's smart phone for less than $80 parts and labor and it is good-as-new.  Nick was professional, low-pressure, and confident in his ability to fix the phone.  He even loaned my son a ""loaner phone"" while he worked on my son's phone.  It took several days given Nick had to special-order the repair parts, but I was just grateful he was able to fix it.

If you need a cell phone repaired, talke to Nick Fazio.  He does amazing work!",5.0
"I Was told my prescription wouldn't be ready until the next day after 10am, because they were busy,  it was about 5pm or so. I just came from hospital that was the last thing I needed to hear.",2.0
"WTH?! I walked in last night w/ my wife and saw they'd done a little reno and re-did the menu. Prices went up, portions went down, taste and quality went out the window, and now this place is not the place I went to when it first opened. The bacon on her chicken club wasn't warmed up so it was definitely not freshly cooked. My Philly cheesesteak was pretty light on cheese, steak and taste. It also reminded me why I shouldn't order cheesesteaks outside of Philly. Save your money unless you want a quick bite and are too drunk to taste anything. The new portions definitely make it a quick bite.",1.0
"Went for Happy hour. Good menu and prices. 1/2 off for apps. Beer selection was a little weak.

Had the Buttermilk Chicken Sliders which were good. Flavorful chicken and a complimentary sauce. Pickles adding a nice zing to the overall taste.

Also had Firecracker Shrimp. WOW!!!! This was what did it for me. Awesome flavor, great burst of peppery taste with the sauce. Nothing too hot but had just enough heat to enhance the shrimp. This is a must order when you go!!!!!!",4.0
"While the place may turn you off or make you hesitate to go in, the food is FANTASTIC.... and reasonably priced. We have not had a bad meal there yet !  The steak special - yep - just be sure to get your Casino card first. Too bad they don't include the beer or root beer anymore.  When we arrive in Vegas, we drop off our bags and walk over to Ellis.  I get the steak special and my spouse gets the Shrimp Scampi. Breakfast is great.  My only complaint would be sometimes it is slow getting the food to you.  We found this place because the Locals all praised it.",5.0
"Was in Las Vegas on business for a week so and was busy so really did not spend time on the ""strip"" but believe me there are some really nice restaurants and hotels just off the strip that are as good or better than ones on the strip.  I will write a few reviews and this is one.  I was at the Tuscany Hotel and Casino, about 2 Las Vegas blocks (I think a LV block is about  1/2 mile) off Las Vegas Blvd (Flamingo and Ballys corner) on Flamingo Ave.

OK Ellis Island Casino is about 1 LV block from Tuscany Hotel and same from Flamingo.  I found this when I was asking where locals go.... It is an older place and is attached to a Days Inn I think.  It is relatively small place with a couple of BJ tables, slots, craps etc.   They have a big rectangular bar and they make their own craft beer (+1).  A beer is $2.50, which on the strip will be 5-10 each.  I love the amber beer.  Also when a football game is being televised, beer is only $1!! 

They had a small club where Karaoke is on most nights I think.. .have been there and that was fun also.  Now what I really like is the restaurant for a good cheap meal.  They have a special that is a good size steak (thick like a filet but not the same quality but very good), potato, vegetable and a salad for $9.99.  Last year it was $8.99 and included a beer so that was a little disappointing.  To get the special you have to join the players club, which is no cost and like all players clubs at casinos you get points and sometimes free rooms.

I had lunch there on Wednesday and decided to have the $5.99 breakfast.  It was unbelievable... I have never had a meal where I thought... this is too much bacon!!! .. the potatoes were awesome, more bacon than I needed and rye toast was great.   My friend had a burger that was very good and huge.  See the pics.
 
I give them a 4+ for the food and beer at reasonable prices and the down home atmosphere.  If you are in LV and want to get off the beaten path for a great meal, stop here.  I will warn you that you will have to wait during dinner time.",4.0
"I went in with a few friends to try it as it boldly advertises a great breakfast experience and some of the best eggs benedict in LV. I would say not. One friend had it and they were mediocre at best. My waffle was soggy, not cooked enough and drowning under too much whipped cream and fruit. Another friend ordered something that was a little too spicy, and with a lot of hesitation sent it back for something else. If you've watched Waiting or work in food service it's obvious why the hesitation. So they sent her out something so hot it burned her mouth and the workers in the kitchen were watching her and laughed to themselves. I know that may sound a little dramatic, but both my other friend and I saw it happen and I had to hold him back from going back there and laying someone out. The waitress actually had to apologize to us about the behavior of their staff. That's inexcusable, the whole incident never should have happened and says a lot about who they hire and how they train them. I wouldn't have come back here anyway just based on the food, but with the service issues they don't have to worry about me or my friends as repeat customers. Avoid this place, there are several much better places in the area, from Skinny Fats to Waffles Cafe to Baby Stacks. Norm's is a joke.",1.0
Arrived here at the MGM today for my daughters wedding and so disappointed with our room.  We had requested a strip view and was thrilled at check in to find out that we were upgraded to a strip room but it was still being cleaned. After waiting for an hour and a half I asked if my room was ready and they said no but they could put me in a mountain view room right away and I said I would rather wait for the strip view. Finally my room was ready and was disappointed that it was a view of the airport!!!! After making several calls they would not accommodate me.  I just don't get it.,1.0
"Worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Been here for 2 days and haven't been able to sleep at all. The beds are uncomfortable, the pillows suck, and the walls are paper thin. Ive been hearing the neighbors next door which seems to be a zoo full of monkey. It's impossible to sleep. There is no hot water so I've been freezing trying to shower as quickly as possible with that cold water. The tub took 15 minutes to drain so that was annoying too. No coffee in the room and they wanted to charge us an extra $35 a night for a fridge. For a ""5 star"" hotel it's definitely a let down. Being unable to fix our shower they switched our room and this one is not any better. The sink doesn't drain and the we got some nasty stained towels.",1.0
"Most of the products from their menu were delicious. It has been 3 years since I came here last time, I love this place but I do not live in this area. This time I ordered 4 items:

Black Sesame soup - a traditional dessert which people said it is good for your health. I do recommend eat it while it is warm. Very smooth and strong sesame taste.

Full house sago - the fantasticMy favorite dessert made with fresh diced mango, pomelo and evaporated milk sand sago. Not too sweet.  

Durian pancake - a must - try item from Full House desserts. Real durian with whip cream inside of the omelette. The omelette was thin and smooth. You have to hold it carefully on hand, otherwise, you will destroy a piece of artwork.

Durian black glutinous rice - it surprised me the most. I did not expect the actual durain ball inside. Sweetness just right. The black glutinous rice add texture into it and make me want to keep eating it.",5.0
"Awesome!!! Great service. Easy to schedule. Was feeling better in 20 minutes!!!  I couldn't even talk before Maria showed up!! She was informative, wonderful, and really fun!!!! Thanks!!!",5.0
"Good healthy option in Phoenix.  Lots of vegan, vegetarian and healthy options.  It's a self-service place - you wait in line to put in your order, find a table, bring the number to your table and someone brings out your food to your table.

I had the vegan scramble with the sweet potato hash.  The vegan scramble was scrambled tofu with tumeric - it was DELICIOUS.  The sweet potato hash was a bit strange at first but very tasty.

Rosemary potatoes were also delicious.  And the whole wheat toast is great - not the generic supermarket quality but a good hearty bread.

The capuchino that I got for free for checking in on Foursquare was delicious (very strong). However, the one negative on this place is that their drip coffee is atrocious - I mean, it tasted like water.  Literally. I tried the Italian and the decaf and both were watery - no taste at all.  I hope that today it was just an off day, because given how tasty everything else is and the fact that they are a brunch place that coffee quality would be so poor.",4.0
"Made my way out to Scramble this past Sunday with my lady..

Place is not what I imagined...you place your order, sit down, and food is brought to you in 5-10 minutes.

Outdoor seating is great and dog friendly, and a nice little mountain view.

While my french toast was great, the pancakes were solid...but the breakfast burrito stole the show. The Costa Burrito to be exact, highly recommended!

This is a must go to breakfast spot. Friendly staff, comfy seating, great views and great vibes!",5.0
"Pho for lunch! People asked me why I had pho as the first meal in Toronto, well, that becomes a mystery. Who knows. I just entered this place and feel the decor is welcoming. And I need a place to rest a bit. This did not disappoint me. Simple and healthy. Yes, healthy but good taste. I had the lunch special: beef pho with spring rolls. 

The place is neat and tidy, and the food looks so too. The green bean sprouts looked like organic ones as they are kinda thin. The taste is a bit bitter however I liked it. 

The ingredients taste and look fresh and good, the soup is light but flavorful. I like it that way. 

I sat towards the kitchen, so I can really see them preparing the food. The decor is nice and high tables and stools were good to relax my feet. But the stool may fall somehow. 

In summary, good place for a quick, warm and healthy meal.",4.0
"I have literally had a better cheesesteak and fries from more than one college cafeteria. 

Have fun biting into (admittedly good) bread half the time while the meager portion of steak crumbles fly out everywhere. The absolutely plain fries aren't going to save you from disappointment. I ordered the ""bomb steak"" which is unique in that it for some reason uses pickled peppers.  And regarding this beef...it's cool that you're chopping it up, but annoying that no one meal preps, and as a result all you hear is the clanging of a metal spatula on the grill over all other activity for the entirety of your meal. You can take it easy, as all that pulverizing completely kills the texture. This is probably an exaggeration, but they might be able to replace it with ground beef, and no one will be the wiser. 

Other than that, I do appreciate the charm of this place. The brick walls and cozy design tell you it's one of the older buildings in midtown. The ubiquitous coca cola ads--on the table, the umbrellas over the outdoor seating, etc.--take me back to a time in which being mainstream and average was a-ok. Times have changed, but this place clearly has not. And I respect that. I hope it continues for 20 more. It'll probably do so just fine without my business, which it is unlikely to receive again.",2.0
Being a huge Disney fan I was stoked when this store opened so close to our house. My daughter especially loves going in and looking at all the stuff.The prices really aren't much less than a regular Disney store. Which is strange. But the staff there is awesome. And some of them even recognize us when we go in. So yes the prices aren't the greatest but the shopping experience is awesome and the store is very well kept.,4.0
"My husband and I returned to Ilios Noche, as we do nearly every year, to celebrate our anniversary last night. Having honeymooned in Greece, Ilios Noche for many years was the closest we found in Charlotte to the food we ate there.

We were sat promptly for our 6:45 reservation. We called ahead to inquire about corkage fees, and found that there is no corkage fee for the first bottle of wine you bring to Ilios Noche, and a $15 fee for every bottle thereafter. For us, and our one bottle of wine that we have saved since 2007 to drink, it was a great deal!

Erika was our server, and she was fantastic at her job. We didn't want for anything. The food was spectacular. I ordered the Greek style pork ribs, and my husband ordered a lamb dish with orzo. The pork ribs were perfectly cooked, and easily eaten with a fork. Very tender, smoky and lightly flavored. We also ordered a sampler of all the dips (htipiti, hummus, tzatziki and an eggplant dip) as an appetizer. They brought us multiple pita bread refills until we'd conquered the appetizer, for which we were very appreciative!  Everything about our meal was perfect. I've been looking forward to the leftover ribs for lunch all morning!

Ilios Noche is expanding in a couple of weeks which hopefully helps with the space concerns noted in other reviews. Erika told us they hope to stay open through Mother's Day, doing construction on ""the other side"" of the soon-to-come-down wall in order to minimize their downtime. The sign at the restaurant said they're expecting to host a grand re-opening in June.

I highly recommend Ilios Noche, and learning about the free corkage on the first bottle of wine last night really puts them up there on places I'd recommend in Charlotte.",5.0
Awesome Filipino food.  Great portions.  This is one of the best Filipino restaurant I've ever ate at.  Great price as well.  I would never try another Filipino restaurant around here.,5.0
This is a small cute tea room that I never noticed before driving through Lawrenceville. I stopped in here one evening with friends and ordered the Lavender Matcha which was really good. their prices are very affordable as well. I will be back. Only thing I wish they had was some seating to be able to sit and have a cup of tea and do some work,4.0
"I was watching a James Bond movie last night and began to wonder what sort of torture it would take to make me spill....

""So Ms. M, you won't tell us the formula, eh?  We have ways of making you talk!  Oddjob!  Take her Manolo Blahniks!""  The huge henchman wrenched  my 4th favorite pair of shoes off my feet.  I grimaced, but wouldn't say a word.

""Still won't talk?  Fetch the Nine West shoes!""

""You wouldn't!""  I gasped, letting my guard down.  Luckily for me the the shoddy Nine West knockoff of a Prada design fell apart in his hands, as did the pathetic Steve Madden pair her produced afterward.  I arched one eyebrow and smirked. 

""So smug, are we Ms. M?  Fetch the Sketchers!!!!""  he shouted.

""You expect me to wear Sketchers?""  I asked.

""No, Ms. M, I expect you to die!""  

I screamed as Oddjob forced the worst possible footwear on my trembling foot.

I can't abide bad shoes.  However, my taste exceeds my budget, so I make regular pilgrimages to Off 5th.  There I can find some of my favorite brands-- Delman, Stuart Weitzman, Dior, Kate Spade, YSL and Ralph Lauren Purple Label for a mere fraction of their regular prices.  (Sorry no Trinity- Manolo, Louboutin or Jimmy)  Sign up for their e-mail/ mailing list and you will get advance notices of sales and extra percentage off coupons.

Their designer clothes section is fabulous as well.  It requires some diligent picking, but Escada, St. John, Valentino and Ungaro can be had for a fraction of their regular price.  There is an entire section of Tahari.  There are also deep discounts on Joe Jeans and Saks' house brands.

Examples:
Kate Spade black patent slingback kitten heels:  regular $300, I paid $30.
YSL black patent d'orsay 4.5 inch stilettos:  $780, I paid $80
Dior 5 inch platform suede round toed stilettos: regular $720, I paid $125
Escada houndstooth silk wrap dress:  regular $1,800, I paid $430
Ungaro silk and linen skirt: regular $350, I paid $60
I also find Delmans and Stewart Weitzmans which run from $250-$350 for under $100.

Well done, Ms. M.",5.0
Don't like.  Cramped. The help is rude and loud. The waitress dressed like a tramp and the food was average.  Loud TVs.  Too many people.  Heard the waitresses personal life to other staff.  Won't go back. Like ever ever again.,1.0
"Great food, very accommodating staff. Current high chairs are not great but they have told my wife and I that new ones are being ordered.  Beef brisket and fish are our go-tos, have never been disappointed.  I would even go as far as to say these two tacos are on par with (or even better than) the trendy Mexican places downtown.",5.0
"Delicious, jaw dropping ramen! Good service, nice room.

Took a friend from Rochester here and it was a blast. They have a great selection of sochu and sake, and offered more traditional Japanese goodies than you'd find in most sushi restaurants in town. We each got a ramen; her the spicy miso and me the pork tonkatsu. The broth was creamy and slightly smokey, the pork slices were moist and fell apart at the slightest touch: It was the best ramen I'd ever had, and I can't wait to go back.",4.0
A great find and DEFINITELY AUTHENTIC Mexican food!!! We came across this place via YELP and I highly recommend that if when visiting Las Vegas and need a menudo to cure your hangover... COME EAT HERE!!!  My friend had menudo with homemade corn tortillas and said it was delicious!  I had the huevos rancheros and the tostada underneath the slightly over fried eggs (YUM!!) with salsa smothered on top were superrrrr tasty!!!  When we are visiting Las Vegas again...we will definitely come here again!!!,5.0
"Our stay at hooters was okay. While I don't have anything ""wow"" to say about the hotel I do appreciate them having free wifi.
However there were several things that I was not okay with and were deal breakers in me visiting this hotel again.

There was no sign available to hang at the door and when I asked a housekeeping lady for one she reply that she didn't have one. Our room was not cleaned the first night which I honestly didn't care much except we needed new towels.

But the two things that bothered me the most is that staff opened the doors TWICE without knocking and we had to scream that we were in there. The first time I think it was housekeeping it was around 9am, but I couldn't check.
The second time I called because the hair dryer did not work, I called main desk and they said they would send me another one which I was okay with but instead a maintiqnce guy came in without knocking to ""fix"" the dryer. I ended up putting my hair up and before I left the maintiance man said he would have to replace it.",2.0
"This is an update from my previous review. I went here yesterday for lunch, so obviously the place was not as packed as my last visit which was a Saturday night. Our waiter, Eric T. was awesome! Very attentive and knew the menu well. He was also sharing all sorts of cool info about Ohso. I got the salmon blt which was really good. Not as good as the one at Four Peaks, but definitely not far behind. My mom got a burger and said it was really good. Prices on beer were great during this time, I got a pitcher for $6. Overall, I'm much happier with my second visit. Hopefully they've worked out all of the kinks.",4.0
"I went here with my friend and cousin after prom dressing shopping a while back and I was very impressed with this caf! It was all moderately priced (if not on the cheaper side which is always a score for me,) and the staff were very friendly. But the desserts we got were amazing! My cousin got the Sinful 7 cake and I had to refrain from eating it all when she let me try it, my friend got the Rocky Road brownie which was also decadent and delicious, and my Berry Crme Brule was outstanding. I am looking forward to the next time I'm out in Mesa so I can go here again.",5.0
"I had the Arizona Ranch Boneless Breaded wings, unique and delicious.

Biker bar atmosphere.  I went in the winter, I bet this place is awesome in the summer.

Also had the BBQ Chicken Quesadilla.

Waitress recommended both and they're indeed delicious.",4.0
"Small office, personable staff. Pleasant. For Charles Small- he was efficient, informative friendly, 
Great place  will be back. Worth your time and money.",5.0
"Big dogs has amazing food, everything I've had here has been delicious! The servers at this particular location are TERRIBLE though. The first time I went here, my sister and I stood at the host stand for more than 10 minutes waiting for someone to sit us in the dining area. They weren't even remotely busy. Had a few of them walk by us and didn't do anything. Finally someone seats us, but we still waited forever for someone to come take our order. Once that happens we are again finding ourselves waiting and waiting and waiting. Almost 20 minutes later they come and tell us they hadn't put the ticket in (didn't say anything during the long wait because I already figured the service was going to be slow) So she offers to buy our appetizer and finally has our order in. I decided to go there again with my sister and a friend,  because it's close and like I said, the food is awesome. The wait at the host stand wasn't long this time but the wait for food and ordering were still slow. The server brought us the check and I asked her to split it for us, sounds easy enough. Apparently it was asking for too much cause she gives us a dirty look, sighs and continues to have an attitude to ask who ordered what. Will be Last time at this particular location. If you want to enjoy good food go to big dogs, just not this one.",2.0
Lacks service and professionalism (calling my 17 year old babe...inappropriate).  Aside from this the French Dip was sent back and replaced with over fried chicken tenders...gross food and tacky service.! Total overhaul needed!  Great location...nothing else!,1.0
"This is by far the best Sweet Tomatos I have been to, well looked after and clean. 

They make a great effort to clean away empties fast!   Even when the place is busy it doesnt seem busy and the food is replenished fast.",4.0
"Excellent value for the early morning dim sum special. $1.80 before 11am on weekdays and $2.20 afterwards. Arrived around 10 for a large party and was immediately seated. Service was pretty good but the food came out a little too slow. I liked how we were able to order what we  wanted rather than wait for carts to be rolled out. Everything tasted pretty decent, I definitely recommend the rice noodle rolls!",4.0
"All about expectations, go in with low ones.

The food isn't amazing, they use the same chicken regardless of the dish, and the drinks cost what you would pay on the strip.

That being said, it's the airport.  What would you expect?  Drinks aren't actually too bad and the staff is nice.

Once again, all about expectations.",4.0
Very tasty indeed!  I'll be back!!!  Can't wait to try other flavors. Lots to try. Great tasty flavors mixed together for those with a diverse palate!  Don't miss out on this hidden little gem!!!   Partybuscharlotte org for party rockin' buses!!!,5.0
Decent sushi but I've had better. I probably wouldn't come back. It was pricy for what it was.,2.0
"I'm totally on board with the concept of this restaurant, and I think that this particular location is done really well. It's clean, with modern decor and furniture. Went here for Saturday lunch, and all the employees were really warm and welcoming. 
Our food in particular was actually pretty delicious for what it was. I ordered the Souvlaki Pita, and the pork was just a tad overdone, but the flavor was all there and proportion of ingredients was spot on. Their pita really is pretty damn good. 

I don't have too much to say about a fast food place, but I left happy and full. As for the health aspect that I think everybody is harping on, it all seems to depend on what you order. I think I lucked out by getting one of the healthier options, but there seems to be a ton you can indulge on here (ahem, my mother ordering the banana pudding...)",4.0
"I am so absolutely thankful for Fluffy Tails. I am always happy with how my babies look, the care and love they receive, and quality work. I will never go anywhere else & recommend them without hesitation.",5.0
"Sun valley stereo exceeded my expectations with excellent service, knowledge and attention to detail.  Not only are the people great but they have a large inventory and excellent demo area where you can hear exactly what you'll get before you buy.  The price isn't bargain basement for installation but the quality and craftsmanship are astounding.  

I highly recommend Sun Valley Stereo if you're at all serious about car audio.  

My experience was exceptional.  I dealt with Ryan over the phone initially after picking out components for my new stereo system on my new wrx.  I ordered a head unit, amp and speakers from amazon.com.  The crew there installed the stereo without a problem and I was able to keep my steering wheel controls.  Unfortunately the head unit that I ordered from Amazon was defective.   They packed up the head unit I purchased from Amazon and replaced it with an identical one from their own stock.  The installation was done very professionally.   I'm extremely satisfied with the clean and tidy results and the sound quality of the new car audio system.

Kudos to  sun valley stereo.  I recommend them to anyone who will listen.",5.0
"I have been have multiple times and will keep coming back! The service here is outstanding! My daughter wanted to have a group of 30 join us for a special occasion and the staff was awesome! From the manager, who closed off a section of the patio just for us and confirmed our reservation, right down to the server (Mike I believe) were all amazing. Even with the larger group the food was hot and delicious not to mention the speed at which they served us. 

The food came out all within a couple minutes of each other which isn't easy considering the size of our party. If you have been to any of the My Big Fat Greek Restaurants you will be impressed by the service here. The size of this location is a little smaller than the one in Mesa but it has a more date or adult atmosphere, which is a nice change from the loud chain places.

The food here is fantastic!!! You must try the Greek Fries & the Tyrokafteri...

This is a great place and coupons from restaurant.com helps ease the cost if you bring a family.",5.0
The in house sausage was amazing and the potatoes here are so yummy. Only thing I don't recommend is the brisket as a side..it was just chunky dry meat. Its still one of the best brunch/eggs Benny places I've been to!,4.0
"I will never return again. You lost a customer. This would have been my 4th visit to the salon. After trying all weekend to make an appointment for my mother and self I finally got a call Tuesday morning 12/10 the day I wanted my appointment. Made the appointment for 1 and the receptionist said she would have her other girl shanell come in early so we could both have a stylist. Upon arrival shanell sat me down and asked me what I wanted done. When I started to explain the color I wanted she said ""whoa whoa I thought you just wanted a cut. Hold on"" she went to the front (where my mother was waiting to be called back) and checked what the receptionist wrote, then my mother heard the receptionist say that I had told her I only wanted a cut. LIAR. Then shanell went to the back and started complaining to whoever was in the back and after a few minutes finally came back to me. She said ""I can color your hair, maybe cut it, but I don't have time for anything else so you can just sit under the dryer. I came in early to help you out and I just don't have time"" we decided against it and left. Clearly your employees mistakes are my fault and I should feel bad for her having to come in early? No thanks I'll take our business elsewhere.",1.0
"When I used to work in Phoenix this was my favorite mexican food place to eat.  They have delicious food for good prices.  I always got the grilled chicken platter.  Soooo delicious!
Their salsa is addicting as well.  I want the recipe!  If you are in downtown Phoenix I would definitely recommend you trying it out.  
Makes me wanna work closer so I can go there every day.",4.0
"Always had good service at Discount Tire in Scottsdale 85251. ALWAYS! 
This Discount in Avondale in the 85392 not so much. I drive a distance to work & have had some (2) tire repairs at this Discount in Avondale in the last 12 months & the experience while painfully slow was fine. Nothing to write home about but S-L-O-W. 
My husband takes my car for a purchase of 2 new tires, a rotation & yet another nail plug. 3rd repair of different 3 tires & it was def not the charm. 
The tire they ""repaired"" blew on the I-10 S. at the curve near 36th St. in 4 p.m. traffic on a Monday. 
So it's back to the Discount after losing 1.5 hours on a Monday mid day like I said S-L-O-W. Chuck whom worked on the previous plug offered the hubs a new tire for the trouble & sends him on his way after another 60 minutes. 
Only for him to turn out onto 99th ave. 1/8 of a block maybe to have the sensor that tells you the tire is low come on. But not only come on but blink. Never have we seen a blink on that sensor. The front desk jockey (they are closed now btw he was the last car) tell him his ""battery is low"". The hubs insists that someones going to look at it. So the hubs watches as the front desk jockey goes across the bays to grab Chuck the guy that worked on it. Chuck calls over another tech not a manager & goes over to the car. The hubs meets them & Chuck bends over the closest tire to him & says to the hubs your sensor is broken. We'll have to order you another & it will be in by 2 p.m. tomorrow. We'll pay for it & install it. So basically Chuck is either clairvoyant since there was no inspection or he let the hubs leave knowing he had broken the sensor. Don't get me wrong crap happens. Everybody has a bad day. I get that. But not to take responsibility at all. Not to involve a manager is just ridiculous & shows a lack of character on both the tech & the hiring staff. I get to return to this establishment not today (because the part didn't come in) but soon & get a sensor fixed by a company I no longer trust nor can I recommend after 11+ years of service in Scottsdale. SAD FACE!",1.0
"Very good food.  Combo basket w/ pork is very good with high quality items.

Two things;
1. The meat is hard to get off skewer.   This is probably because portions are so generous.
2. I would prefer more vegetables (green beans and peppers very good).

Keep up the good work.",4.0
"5 stars for variety, even a mediocre fan of Indian food would appreciate the selection. From authentic Indian food to pizza  , onion rings and fries . Indian friend said it was legit so enuf said.

3.5 stars for food quality. It's a buffet under $30 stop complaining

2.5 stars for service. Was going to order more drinks, head waitress said to wait (holding a finger up) while multiple checks were being paid. After asked for check is when she told the waiter to take our orders... yet she didn't take it herself (10 mins lter)

3 stars for price $15 duller lunch buffet is above avg. but wasn't fully unreasonable.  

4.5 stars for decor. Felt nice in this establishment being a buffet.

3.7 stars average so according to math 4 s

If you haven't been before to this venue and are hungry by all means feast otherwise Popeyes is across the street",4.0
"When my honey comes home from work, he stops by and gets smoothies for us- They taste great at 430 am! Blueberry with frozen yogurt..yummm! I'm of course a Cali girl so I'm a Jamba Juice girl, but when in Vegas....Tropical Smoothie is the place to go.",4.0
Fish is so so. Had 5 different kinds. They all taste the same.  Im a pro at eating sashimi having been to Japan numerous time.  This place is fine for an American palette.,3.0
"I have loved these donuts since I was a kid! The smiley face fry cakes are my all time favorite. I feel like over the years the recipe has changed a little bit because I don't remember them being so sweet, but still they are amazing. They have followed the donut trend and came up with some new flavors, but the classic is still the best.",5.0
"It really was a pretty nice place, and I would give it an extra half star if that were available.
I think the beer is a little pricey, but they had a pretty good selection of tap beers.
Food seems okay, some of it quite tasty, but nothing special that I would rave about.
Service was good and Unlike what somebody else said, the chips and salsa were free for the first basket anyway and I think they were better than your average Mex. restaurant chips and salsa.",3.0
LT is the best! My nails are perfect every single time. I can go 3 weeks without a fill & they still don't lift & look great. I've been to a ton of different nail salons. Nobody is as good as LT! Thank You,5.0
"Wow.  This could not have gone worse. 

1.  I called and asked if they did acupuncture. The nurse assured me that they did. Turns out not to be true - The ahem doctor literally waived a green light in my ear for 10 -12 seconds and claimed that was the acupuncture session.
2. I asked if my insurance would cover the visit - they took my details and said yes, my plan included coverage with a $30 co pay.  NOT TRUE - today, 3 months later,  i received a statement for $70 because my insurance would not cover it.  When I called to ask why they had told me it was covered, the office manager said that because she was out of the office when I made the appointment and visited, she was not responsible for any promises made to me in her absence. I kid you not, she actually said that.  
3.  I showed up for the visit, waited 45 minutes because the regular office manager was out of the office and the ahem doctor's new Ukrainian bride was managing the office.  
4.  Finally, the ahem doctor walked into the consultation room, had me lie down on the bed and fed 6  or 7 chemicals into my mouth.  When i said I specifically called ahead for acupuncture treatment, he then shone the magic green light in my ear for 1- to 12 seconds and declared the visit over.  
5. He did insist that I came back every day for the next few days for my treatment of tenis elbow and tried to coerce me into confirming an appointment for the next day despite my mentioning that I would be out of town.  Clearly not a good listener.  He said it was vital to my treatment that I purchase the powders he had dropped on my tongue during treatment.
6. Upon checking out, they insisted I needed to buy 6 bottles of magic chemicals for $200.
7. Three months later I just received a bill for the additional $70 that they assured me was covered by my insurance.  
In my personal opinion, my treatment was completely unhelpful and the alleged acupuncture I went there for did not exist. I believe they blatantly lied to me about the acupuncture treatment",1.0
"I came here for breakfast, great and wonderful service. Food just ok nothing spectacular had a veggie omelette not very flavorful blah. My son had star and spangled waffles just ok. Pretty pricey for the food.",2.0
"Went to Zakkushi (@ZakkushiCarlton) around 2 weeks ago when it  just open and they didn't even had a sign up or liquor license yet. Zakkushi is a Japanese Style pub with 3 successful Vancouver locations has recently open it's door on Carlton St.


The restaurant is best know for it's kushiyaki (skewer meat) cooked over binchotan which is a white smokeless charcoal made from Japanese Oak
It's mid size with around 70-80 seats

 Appetizer Sampler $5.80 any 3 (or $3-$3.5 each)
Shiokara ~ Marinated squid w/ special Shiokara Sauce
Hotaruika ~ Marinated fresh baby squid w/ soy sauce
 Goma-ae ~ Boiled spinach w/ sesame sauce

 Goma-ae $4.60
~ Deep Fried chicken knee cartilage
~ Love soft bone but the batter here was rather bland and soft (wish it was crispier)

 Original Oden w/  choice of 5 toppings $6.80
~ Daikon, Takenoko (Bamboo shoot), Tofu, Ikamaki (Fish cake stuffed w/ squid)
& Konnyaku (Yam cake)
~ This was really flavorful, probably one of the yummiest I had in Toronto. I usually don't like yam cake but this was was really good, the perfect texture and perfect with the broth. Even the daikon and tofu are really well cook/marinated which was perfect since the broth although flavorful was on the light side.

 Premium Set $19.80 & Zakkushi Set $8.80
~ By getting the set you save a bit compare to ordering separately, thought it was a good idea to try some of their signature skewers since it was our first time here.

 Premium Set $19.80
Wagyu Beef ~ wagyu beef skewer w/ Oropon Sauce ($6.8/ea)
Premium Beef Tongue ~ thick cut beef tongue w/ salt & pepper ($4.2/ea)
Free Range Chicken Momo ~ Free Range chicken tight w/ salt ($3.2/ea)
Wagyu Beef Tsukune (sauce) ~ wagyu beef meat ball ($3.5/ea)
Unagi ~ Eel w/ terriyaki sauce & Sansho pepper ($5.8/ea)

Although the Wagyu beef was really good and you could definitely taste the difference compare to the regular beef skewer that they have, I don't know if I am willing to pay $6.80 for one skewers.
I actually didn't really like the thick cut beef tongue since it was so thick, it tasted like beef.... while there was really nothing special about the meat balls and unagi. The chicken momo was the one that stood out here, it was perfectly cook, moist and the meat itself was so flavorful.

 Zakkushi Set $8.80
Oropon Beef ~ w/ grated Daikon $ Ponzu sauce ($2.4/ea)
P-toro ~ Crunchy & juicy pork ($1.8/ea)
Me Maki ~ Garlic stubs wrapped w/ pork ($1.9/ea)
Momo (sauce)~ Chicken tight ($1.6/ea)
Umeshiso Yaki ~ Chicken thight w/ sour plum & Japanese basil ($1.9/ea)

Given it's price compare to the first set, everything here was surprisingly good.
I was impress at how thin the pork was for Me Maki that was wrapped around the garlic stubs which make it extra crispy. I also really like the sour plum sauce on the umeshiso yaki which make it a bit different.

 Yakioni (Shoyu or Butter Shoyu) $1.8/ea
~ Grilled rice ball w/ a choice of soy sauce or butter soy sauce
~ I love this one and yes I can never go without carbs for long (love my rice/noodle/bread).
~ Love this crispy goodness, just like the crispy rice bottom of Chinese Rice pot or Korean BiBimBap.
~ Tried both flavor and I like the Shoyu better since you can taste the rice flavor better.
~ I loved it so much that I had a 2nd

 Ankimo $5.2
~ Cold Monkfish liver (Japanese Foie Gras style)
~ This was the probably the only thing I didn't like that night.... it was rather bland tasting, it needs more sauce (sour /salty)

 Shishito $1.9
~ Twist pepper w/ soy sauce & bonito flakes
 Chicken Heart $1.6
~I actually prefer the Chinese/Mongolian heart skewer version better...
 Kawa $1.6 & Taba $1.9
~ Chicken Skin (salt) & Chicken wing
~ Both are really good, perfect crispy skin... nom nom nommm
 Cheese Mochi Maki $2.4
~ Sticky rice wrapped w/ pork & melted cheese
~ Had always love sticky rice cake and this was even better with fatty pork and cheese
~ Need to try make something like that at home ;)

The bamboo cup thing was to hold your finished skewers and that how many the 2 of us ate =P

 Dorayaki Matcha Ice Cream $3.5
~ matcha ice cream and red bean in Japanese pancake
~ Ben insisted to order this and I warned him that the pancake is probably store bought and will be dry... and I was right.

 Kinako Mochi Ice Cream $3.8
~ soy powder sprinkle vanilla ice cream & sticky rice w/ maple syrup
~ Love love love this, instead of the regular mochi it was warm toasted sticky rice cake which had a crispy exterior and super sticky gooyee interior.... and was perfect w/ the cold ice cram while the soy powder just push it up a notch. 

 Verdict :
~ Try not to order everything at once since almost everything came at the same time and some dishes just got cold by the time we ate it.
~ Love all the variety of skewers to choose from
~ Can't wait to go back and have everything with a beer or sake (they got their LLBO)",4.0
"I came here today initially to get shots in my masseter (Botox) as I have TMJ and my dentist suggested a while back to get Botox as relaxes the muscle and calms the pain and clenching at night which can help get rid of my migraines. Anyways, my first appointment was canceled as I was en-route at the doctor was called away on an emergency. I was super bummed and had spent the cab fare to get downtown , I had emailed them to find out the next time I could come and they gave me $50 off my treatment PLUS $20 reimbursement for cab fare! So awesome of them. It was a tad hard to find at first,  it's in the Royal York hotel. They have 2 areas upstairs is for surgery and downstairs is for injectables. Glenda took me upstairs to meet the doctor first, just because I was a first timer at their clinic. After answering standard questions I went into the treatment room. Glenda was so informative , eased my mind about some fear I had about injecting into the jaw, she was so knowledgeable, gentle with the needles (I've had doctors who are really rough, not fun) I completely recommend them, the area is clean, modern and fresh looking, they are all super friendly and easy to talk to. I had a fantastic experience!",5.0
"Not the best barbecue I have ever had, but I am a snob, so there you have it.
This is a great place to go with a group of people, or with family.

I wouldn't suggest coming here on a date or for girls night.

The baked potato was not special, but the beer is nice and cold, and they have options that aren't going to break the bank.  Plus the full plates are EASILY share-able.",3.0
Best pizza in town awesome staff to must check this place out awesome repeats it was cooked just right again by far best pizza in town,5.0
"This review is pending for two weeks now, so fellow Yelpers, my apologies. 

My friend and I were deciding which Mexican restaurant to dine in on a Friday night. Granted my friend is a big foodie, and as usual I always don't judge his suggestions or recommendations. We were going to try out El Catrin, but instead we decided to go dine at La Carnita. 

This is my first proper Mexican restaurant in the GTA/Toronto area. I've been to few good ones in the US - primarily L.A., Las Vegas and Washington, DC. Upon entering, I was kind of overwhelmed with the atmosphere. It was more catered to a more ""younger"" crowd, and it was more of a trendy place, compared to the Mexican restaurants I've been to in the US. 

We were greeted by the hostess, and were given a high top table to sit at. That evening it was cold, and I was looking to see where we can place our jackets, since we sat on stools. Sure you could sit on your jacket, but some may oppose to it. We asked the hostess, and she kindly said that there are hooks under the table, and we can hang it there. I was impressed, as I've never come across this concept before. 

Okay - time to get to the food part. Right? I was glancing through the menu and my friend and I decided to order the tortilla chips with the 3 dips (guacamole, corn salsa and spicy bean & smoked queso). For the main course, or rather the tacos, I ordered to the crispy cotija. Mind you, I only ordered 1 of that, but I'll get to that later. We waited about 10 minutes for our tortilla chips and I must say - first impressions are always key. The presentation and portion was fantastic. If I wasn't feeling hungry that night, I probably would have had this only for dinner heh. The chips were frish, not stale. They were crispy, and they tasted great with the dips. All the dips were fantastic, and I tried resisting to pick the remaining dips with my fingers and to lick it. It was that good, but I didn't want to act like an animal, or should I say - a cave man. 

Onto the tacos themselves. Right, so like I said, I've never been to this kind of Mexican restaurant before, or rather where I've ordered tacos. I didn't know by ordering 1, I would only get one taco. I thought the tacos came in multiple quantities, but hey the price was too good to be true at $4.91 for this. I then ordered 2 more, to make it 3. Didn't have to wait long for it, and I just downed the tacos all at once. Yes I said all at once! I didn't even bother to care who was looking at me. I am a hungry dude, who needs to satisfy my stomach. I probably caved into my cave man instincts and just went haywire. To the point these were so good, I ended up ordering more. The server gave me a look, and told me that I should probably stop. I know he meant good, but I politely told him that I need MORE! No I am not a glutton, or at least I think I am. 

By the time I was done, I was satisfied, ensured my hands were no longer messy, and I gave out a semi loud burp. Probably the couple beside us would have heard it, but eh - who cares right? *shifts eyes*

Overall here's my ranking. The higher the number, the better. 

1) Ambiance - 3.5/5 - not a fan of the non well lit area, the music was kind of loud to have a conversation with. 

2) Food - 4/5 - not getting sick or not getting food poison is a good thing. 

3) Service - 5/5 - really friendly attentive staff

Would I come back here again - DEFINITELY YES. This time they better be prepared, because I will have a HUGE order. *Sigh* - one of the sins - gluttony... Errr, I take that back hehe.",4.0
I had these ladies come to my house yesterday. They did an amazing job!! I will definitely be using them again!,5.0
We love their pomegranate guacamole...there's nothing quite like it! The only bummer is that they use craisin's in the offseason. I am picky about corn tortillas but I always order the Carne Asada tacos and get a side of their homemade tortilla chips to dip instead. Also their spicy fries and special ketchup are unique and tasty! We never leave hungry nor unsatisfied! We love this hole in the wall dive!,4.0
"A wasted cab ride for mediocre food

The Barrio Cafe is horribly overrated.  Upon arriving at eleven for lunch, they tried to sit us in the very back, next to the bathroom, even though the place was empty.  The house margaritas were okay, but not even close to the ones from Sam's Cafe.  The chipotle chicken dip was a mess of cheese and slimy chicken, slimy spinach, and slimy mushrooms.  You sense a theme?  The smokey, sweet flavor was good for a bite or two, but it quickly became an unappetizing mess.  My husband's pork was supposed to be the special of the restaurant, but it was nothing special, and some of it was unbearably dry.  My enchiladas del mar were smothered with a horrendous quantity of cheese, and I had no idea how I was supposed to eat them, as there seemed to be mere scraps of blue tortilla amid the massive amounts of sauce and cheese.  The shrimp were decent sized, but undercooked (understandable since the tiny scallops and crab would cook a lot faster).  The churros were the highlight, but they couldn't save the meal.  Lunch ran over $100, plus cab fare.  I would rather have given the money to one of the homeless people by the Hyatt Regency.  

Another chef told me that the head chef of Barrio Cafe has left, so maybe that explains the divergent reviews.  All I know is that I would never go back to this restaurant.",1.0
Oreganos is the most friendly restaurants out in Arizona! Everyone is full of smiles and on top of that amazing food! The pizza cookie and the boom dip would have to be my top favorite! I would definitely recommend Oreganos for anyone!!,5.0
Definitely a hole in-the-wall place but absolutely worth it. I go here for lunch all the time and like to try something new each time. Never been let down! Amazing food and service.,4.0
"I been to a few tattoo shops and DT is a really good one. Theres a lot of flash on the walls and stuff to look at when youre getting zapped. The shop is in a crappy area (near the new bunkhouse) so be cautious if you go later in the evening. Free parking is a plus since around fremont you have to pay pretty much everywhere. My tattoo artist is Eric Ayala. Ive been going to Eric for quite a while. He is the best. He is professional and cares. He doesnt do sh*t work and will make suggestions to improve ones idea of what they want. He does mostly traditional work which is what I love. You wont be ripped off there as you would at Diversity. (Dont ever go to diversity, that is dumb.) Id highly recommend going to see Eric or Buddy (owner) or any of the guys (and girl) at DOWNTOWN TATTOO. You wont be sorry!",5.0
"We were extremely happy with the 3 gentlemen Walter A, Jason M & Richard V. They were professional and hard working. They were on time and kept moving every minute of the time. I would definitely recommend there services if you want a safe and efficient move. 

Thanks,
Adrian",5.0
"Capstone to a disappointing night! My girlfriend and I barely got in before they locked the doors 3 hours early. They were out of soup and Mac & cheese, and I'm pretty sure the guy behind the counter was just being lazy. We took our sandwiches to-go, which was a bad idea, because once we unwrapped them, we found out that one of the sandwiches (the full montagu) was missing lettuce, tomato, and cheese (probably thought we wanted the half montagu, lol). The other sandwich (chipotle chicken avocado) barely had enough ingredients to make it worthy of a sandwich. We probably would have gotten our money's worth if we just ate our $13. Shame shame Earl. Never going back and will never recommend.",1.0
"I was in Mississauga and sick of restaurant over-salted and buttered, mass produced food. So I Yelped ""healthy"" food and found this place about a mile from my hotel. Without a car, this was the distance I was willing to walk. It was Tuesday--when it was -8 degrees with 40 mph winds.......I found the place tucked off the lobby of an office building. Upon entering, I was warmly greeted and offered two samples of house soups.  YUM!  Roasted cauliflower or the second specialty, asparagus soup. It was a hard decision to choose between perfection and perfection.  I also enjoyed the house chopped salad with tofu. The tofu was by far the BEST tofu I have ever had. While walking there whipped by the 40mph winds, I thought to myself, how could any one's food be THAT good? once I got there and tasted her food, I knew why she had lots of 5 stars....and I added my own 5 stars. This place is Awesome. Treat yourself and your body to fresh & healthy by eating here",5.0
"The Heinz History Center is yet another great museum in PGH.  If you're a history buff, an out-of-towner, or new to PGH, I'd strongly suggest visiting.  I've been here three or four times, and although most of the exhibits are permanent, I always have a great time.

In terms of exhibits, my favorite is the special collections (5th floor?), which is a hodgepodge of artifacts of historical interest.  No matter who you're perusing with, there's always so much to talk about in this exhibit!  If you go through it methodically, you can easily spend an hour here alone.  The artifacts run the gamut from beds to cars to confessionals to things whose purpose you have no idea of until you read the description.

Another favorite exhibit of mine is Pittsburgh through the ages, which allows you to see how the city has changed over the years, and some of the people who've influenced it greatly.  When I came here with my parents, they were very impressed at how versatile PGH is, and how many talented people are from here!  Also, don't forget to stop by the Pittsburghese exhibit located nearby for a laugh.

I'm not much of a sports buff, so I don't get as much out of the Western PA sports exhibit as many people do, but it also provides some interesting background about the history of sports in PGH.  Even if you're not very into sports, I'd recommend taking a quick spin through this section unless you're pressed for time.

I agree that the layout of the exhibits can be somewhat unintuitive (I've unknowingly skipped exhibits)--I'd recommend starting from the top floor and working down.  This museum is located in the Strip District, which is a great section of PGH for shopping and eating, so when you're finished at the museum, I'd strongly recommend exploring the area.  4.5 stars.",4.0
Great variety of food! Extremely friendly staff! Nice atmosphere and location in Bloomfield.  Will definitely go back.,5.0
Came here based on reviews I saw on Yelp. Andy did my pedicure and if I lived here I would come back because it was fabulous.  I highly recommend coming here if you live here and stopping by if you need a pedicure and your just visiting.,5.0
"Food was decent but not extraordinary like I had expected for these prices.  We had salmon and the steak (which was very undercooked for a medium but we didn't complain).  Server was trying too hard to be our best friend and involve himself in our conversation, etc., although other helpers in the process were excellent and can't be faulted.  Place was only 50% full, There are so many other better choices I'm afraid we won't be back.",2.0
"Great as always! 
 This was our third visit in LV to the grille and it was awesome. We have visited other locations and this is one place I can always go and know it will be a great dinner.",5.0
"5/9/12

Was craving for a chocolate croissant for a few days, so I decided to finally try the ones offered here.  Although it was only 2:30 in the afternoon, there weren't many pastries or desserts on hand to choose from... I had my mind set on trying an almond and a chocolate, but Scratch had run out of the former.  There were three chocolate croissants left (as well as a couple of raisins), so I ordered one to go.  Decided to try it before leaving to see if I wanted to get the rest... Needless to say, I left with all three!

$2.70 plus tax per choccy croissant.  Didn't have time to try the local coffee.  Perhaps next time, when I plan to come earlier to secure an almondine, or two.

I liked how the tables were set up for service- the setting emitted romance already.  Can't wait to try dinner here soon...  Spied three different entremets in the cases, as well as some delicious-looking truffles.",3.0
"Went for summerlicious lunch with 14 people for a birthday. We all found the food to be quite bland and not worth $24. In addition, there were multiple bugs in one of our bread baskets, which was dealt with by moving the table the bugs had crawled onto. When it came time to pay the bill, the entirety of everyone's individual bills was put onto one, which was fine, but they decided to collect the money from each individual person instead of allowing us to put all the money together and give it to them. This resulted in them claiming we were $18 short despite that almost everyone paid tipped at least a dollar extra over their bill with included tax and tip. As the birthday girl was ready to leave and was not in the mood to argue, we paid the $18 and left on a sour note feeling very unsatisfied.",1.0
"OMG, is all you would have to say about this place. It's amazing! I spent the last year in TX and didn't have anything remotely close to this. I have to say the Carolinas have BBQ down. The NC BBQ sauce and the SC mustard sauce was unlike anything I've ever tried..... the portions are beyond shareable or plenty leftovers any which way you do it you win! The only negative and I say that loosely was that there was an up charge for the combo plate ""whole bunch"" for choosing the spareribs and brisket which was not printed on the menu. I say full disclosure on pricing is a MUST. That aside it was pricey but worth every penny or in this case dollar.",5.0
"Really confused by the good reviews here. The food at this place is not good and being new to this area, even I would hesitate to call it authentic ""NC BBQ"".

I've been here twice now and it was disappointing both times. I had the pulled chicken BBQ sandwich the first time and it was dry and bland. I had the spinach salad with blackened chicken today and the chicken was too salty and the flavors just didn't go well together.

It seems like people go to this place more for the ambiance and probably cause it's been a neighborhood favorite all these years. Who knows. 

I've had BBQ in Raleigh and so I have a sense of what BBQ is supposed to taste like. With the exception of Soul and the Cellar, the food scene in Charlotte is just sadly mediocre.",2.0
"3 bars in one! Outside bar with volleyball courts right on the Greenbelt! Open to the public and they have a full bar and full menu for food! Sports bar with tons of TVs! JESTER ROOM has live music 6 days a week, full bar and menu; kitchen open until 1:40am! Happy hour Sunday-Thurs 10pm-close on drinks and appys!
In the Jester Room:
Mon- Hans Olson 7pm-12am
Tue- Karaoke 6pm-2am
Wed- Acoustic Jam with Chuck E. Baby 8pm-2am
Thurs- changes weekly
Fri- Ronnie Glover and Trio Rio 6:30pm-10pm followed by a band or musical act; changes weekly
Sat- Changes weekly
Sun- Sunday Menagerie Jam with Chuck E. Baby and the Allstars; all musician welcomed- bring an instrument, a friend and appetite! 9pm-2am",5.0
"Hotel is great value and very comfortable. Staff couldn't be more friendly and helpful. Very near many great eating places like Olive Garden and outback.

The rooms have been remodeled in last few months and they are really great! NIce carpet and rooms.  We had a great stay.",4.0
"This is probably a useless review. I was here years ago and I don't remember the food that well. I hade an iceberg salad with blue cheese that was pretty good, but can't recall my entree. Anyway, what I love about this place was that we sat in a little booth with curtains that closed. It was so fun and it made me feel famous.",3.0
"Went here to celebrate my birthday and had a fantastic experience. Our guide was knowledgeable, experienced, and funny. Spent about an hour and a half in the air above Phoenix with a gorgeous view, then came down and had breakfast and mimosas. Basket wasn't cramped even though there were 13 of us. I definitely suggest giving these guys a call. Worth the money!",5.0
"Had lunch with friends on a Sunday afternoon.  The restaurant is small but clean. We were promptly seated and served. We each ordered lunch specials ( meal comes with soup, eggroll or crab puff and the entree). I had the lemon chicken,  my friends had the mongolian chicken and the General Tso chicken. While my dish was tasty,  theirs was pretty good, but not spicy as advertised.  The fried rice was decent;  tasted slightly like it was steamed.  Overall, a nice meal for the price.",3.0
"This was my first trip to PublicUs. One vegan, one veggie, and one meat eater. This place had a little for everyone. One vegan option was the best burger. I chose the crostini with avocado, heirloom tomatoes, fresh herbs, topped with roasted garlic. It was delicious, I washed it down with a cold pressed orange juice! My wife had the waffles with fruit and whipped cream. The whipped cream was home made and the berries were so fresh and juicy. 

My brother in law had a sandwich that came with homemade potato chips. He loved the sanwhich. He also ordered the blueberry scone and said to melted in his mouth! 

My wife ordered a specialty coffee drink. She said it was very strong ! She even needed it watered down hahaha what a weakling! 

We would all definitely come back and try some new items at this place, at is was delicious. You can tell it is quite a hipster place .",5.0
A great experience each time I come in. The employees are friendly and the food is awesome.,5.0
"I don't know why I keep coming back here. I think it's because I live in the same building and I'm too lazy to go further. They are rude unless you're a regular they recognize. I've come here enough that I would be considered a regular, but they are still rude to me. It doesn't matter if you make an appointment. You can just walk in and they will tell you pick a colour and wait. I don't think they sanitize their equipment, although the place looks nice and clean. The price is typical of the area and if you pay cash, there's no tax. I stopped going here when another nail salon opened down the street.",2.0
"We stopped on a Sunday night around 4pm. For us, it was a really late lunch. We were in the mood for Pad Thai, and Siam Cafe didn't disappoint. Great flavor, perfect noodles, and well seasoned. Restaurant was fairly busy for 4pm. You know it's good when that many people are there. Service was good, too. Overall great place to stop - be forewarned, the menu is VERY extensive. So many options to choose from, it might take you a while to sort out what to get. Every time a dish walked by on a tray, I would get FOBO! They all looked great.",5.0
"Ordered lunch delivery. They falsely advertise their pricing for delivery on their website. And when this was pointed out, the driver laughed and said ""it's company policy"" and then when I called, the lady on the end of the phone also didn't seem to care and said ""well, the price changed."" I advised that their website still showed 1.49 for the delivery fee, I was charged $2 and she said ""It's only 50 cents."" .Yes, it is only 50 cents. So why not just suck it up for customer service and charge me the price advertised? It's the principle of it. On top of it, I was charged a $1 card service fee which of course wasn't mentioned when she asked ""cash or card?"" and I told her card. No resolution. No customer service. The food was actually pretty good. Too bad their customer service didn't match.",1.0
I had Mike come out and install 3 bathroom trim kits. He did an excellent job... Affordable and highly professional. I would recommend them for any of your plumbing needs!,5.0
Terrible experience. Truck was tiwed and was told by front desk that I could pick my truck up after 430. I would just have to call and they would send somebody down. Called at 600 and was told that the guys were all out on tows and it would be an hour. 90 minutes later a truck showed up. The guy wouldn't even stop for half a second to hear me out. He said he just stopped to use the bathrrom and would have to wait for the next guy. He hit the road wi th out another word. Its now closing in on 8. Still no word back from them yet....,1.0
"The biggest selling point is the ""outside"" seating area (still inside the Paris Hotel with the fake blue sky and French architecture). You truly feel you could be on the Champs Elysee. Almost. 

The food is good, not great. The bloody Mary was disappointing. The servers are busy hurried and, well act like Parisian waiters, who can be stand-offish. 

We ate there once for dinner and once for lunch. The salmon burger was good, probably a Trader Joes frozen patty or similar, on a brioche bun with cole slaw. It was tasty, but nothing special. Cobb Salad was filled with the good stuff and tasty. Ceasar salad was good, but you have to ask for the anchovies, although it's included on the menu. Our party had several plates, all which were acceptable to good. Again, the food isn't bad, but just nothing you will remember. The ambiance, however, is worthy of the experience.",3.0
"Saw that a new eyebrow threading place opened up near my house, so I went to go check it out.  

Eyebrow threading is decently priced at $8.  My first time there, the lady I got did a great job with my eyebrows and really took her time to make sure I was happy.  She even gave me a VIP card that included free upper lip threading with eyebrow threading or a free eyebrow threading with eyebrow tint.  

I used the card for my second time and I felt my experience was rushed, she didn't shape them well, missed hairs, and when I got home, I noticed she even cut me where my arch forms.  

Not sure if it was the VIP card that changed the tone of service.  I mean, why offer a free service if you aren't going to deliver the same as if I was paying for it?  I'll give them another try, but for now, I'm a little weary about the hot and cold service.",3.0
Charming place and great service. I came here for coffee and to work remotely for a while. The service was good and friendly. The almond milk latte was delicious.,5.0
"I stayed here 3 night with my husband for the x-mas.
The front staff who help check in or check out was very nice n helpful.
Room was not huge but its enough for us.
Especially i love the restroom but one bad thing was that there wasnt fan for fresh air.
There was a refrigerator in room but its not cold enough.
House keeper didnt understand english but its not a problem.
We didnt knw that There was $50 deposit when we check in.
It was good that Pool was 24hours but I couldn't use it coz the weather was too cold outside.
Everyday Bottle water was free.
Coffee pot was free as well.
Sofa in the room was just one.
It was supposed to be two at least.
Most things I was satisfied renaissance hotel.",4.0
"I love fresh and wild
They have a great selection of products
The staff is very friendly
The only minus is that my fruits are sometimes already rotten:(",4.0
I love mochiko chicken so I had to try this place. Food was good. Service was excellent. Very friendly and helpful. Had the curry bowl. It was good. The bento was good also. Mochiko sauce was onolicious!  They are in the process of changing the menu so I will be back.,4.0
"This was a really fun bar, good vibe and great live music- definitely get there early for it.",5.0
"I cannot disagree more with these reviews. Dr. Stearns, and PA Jennifer Kiser are without a doubt, the BEST doctors a person who struggles with chronic pain, could ever hope to see.
I started as Dr. Stearn's patient when I was just in high school - having seen about 20 specialists before her, for persistent, debilitating, worsening, and sickening nerve pain which no one could diagnose, and everyone refused to treat. I had been given the runaround by doctors more times than I can count - and it had been years of waiting for treatment, only to be told I needed to see someone else. Dr. Stearns was the FIRST doctor to treat me, and offer me any semblance of pain relief. Dr. Stearns never gave up - trying all kinds of medications, physical therapies, procedures, etc etc etc. She did 3 revision surgeries for me - trying to get better coverage with a neurostimulator. When I went away for college, and then again when I moved after getting married, I experienced other pain doctors. Only upon Dr. Stearns' recommendation did I finally find a doctor in KY who understood my condition, and was able to treat me. I have NEVER found another doctor who has the tenacity and perseverance and compassion that Dr. Stearns and Jennifer Kiser have. Ever.  One of the reasons my husband and I moved back to AZ was for my health; and the fact that I was able to re-enter Dr. Stearns' practice gave us such reassurance about that decision. Not having to find a new pain specialist - but instead getting to come back to a doctor I'd known for so long, who knew me so well...it was just the greatest! 
I have had a pain pump since 2008. Back in 2012, Dr. Stearns surmised that the catheter that was supposed to be getting the pain medication from the pump into my spinal fluid was broken - and therefore I wasn't getting the proper dose. She was the 1st doctor to get a new kind of catheter, reinforced with fiberglass, and she made sure I was one of the 1st patients to receive it. I am only 29 years old, and Dr. Stearns and Jennifer Kiser have, and continue, to do all they possibly can to encourage and support me in my goals towards an active and fulfilled life; despite my chronic pain condition. I recently started with the Yoga Practitioner for the CPSC, and can't say enough good about her as well. I feel that I am being given the utmost in care. 
Dr. Stearns is not  wishy washy, nor is she intimidated by anyone. You cannot push her around. For me , this is incredibly refreshing, and gives me great assurance. I want a doctor who will tell me the truth; who will go above and beyond and never give up, and who will let me know how I can best participate in my own wellness. Dr. Stearns is ultimately skillled, and proactive; and I am forever grateful for her.",5.0
"The first time I came here was for drinks around 11:30 on a Saturday night.  It was very crowded and Scottsdale-y, and I didn't care if ever went back.  Recently some out-of-towners wanted to check it out because of the mechanical bull, so we started out our evening by eating dinner there around 9:00 on Saturday night.  I have to say, it was better than I expected.

Some of the positives:  

- The menu is huge and varied.  
- You get to choose a side dish to go with the sandwiches.  
- A smaller portion is offered for some of the dishes.  
- Complimentary biscuits and corn muffins.  They didn't exactly taste homemade, but they weren't bad and kind of added to the Saddle Ranch theme.
- We got free shots 'from the owner' which the waitress brought over with our drinks.  Mind you, the shot started with a B and had whipped cream on top (you get the idea), but it tasted pretty good.  Free anything is always well-received.  

I ordered the barbecue chicken sandwich and chose the sweet potato casserole sans marshmallows as my side dish.  The sandwich was just okay -- the barbecue sauce was pretty bland and the ""sourdough"" bun tasted like white bread.  The sweet potato casserole was delicious.  My friend's quesadilla was pretty good.  Our other friend seemed to enjoy her turkey burger.  All in all this was not a bad pre-game locale.  And in case you're wondering, the two out-of-town guests somehow managed to stay on the mechanical bull.",4.0
"This is a great place. The teriyaki chicken is the best I've ever had. Tangy, sweet, salty, smoky... The business owner is a genuinely good man who seems to care about everyone.

UPDATE: For those who get takeout, I feel compelled to update my review to give a heads-up to those ordering. The older gentleman always manages the lines perfectly, and helps everyone in a truly remarkable fashion. There is a lady who is sometimes there during the day, however, who does a less stellar job of balancing between the normal and call-ahead lines.

Despite recognizing me, and having what turned out to be my food finished and ready when I got there, I still waited 15 minutes to get it while people who had not called in came in and out, and other people who also had already ordered but were dining in picked up their orders.

I have a limited amount of time during my lunch hour, and many options for food. There's a reason I called ahead, and it isn't to stare at my food getting cold for 15 minutes while people who chose not to have the foresight to do so get served first.

Moral of the story is, great food, just make sure you pointedly ask if that's your food sitting on the counter rather than trusting her to let you know when it's ready.",4.0
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! This is my go to spot when I want seafood. There is always a bit of a wait but if you go a little later than normal dinner time its not bad at all. The service is always prompt and the food is always amazing!,5.0
"Brought in my car for an oil change and standard check up.  Returned to find that other repairs had been made (changed a windshield wiper that had been working fine and had thrown out the old ones...stuck with the purchase?).  Unpleasant experience with person working with me.  Very rude.

The receptionist(s) were friendly, however, and the free coffees and shuttle were a great feature.  Overall, I would go to someone more trustworthy and pick up my own lattes and arrange for my own taxi.",2.0
"**if you're a sushi snob please do yourself a favor and move along by picking another restaurant from your yelp search result. ;) **

if you're less critical and like a variety of sushi and rolls then this just might be your spot. this little gem is definitely located off the beaten path and was suggested to me by one of my best friends who used to live in vegas. like most restaurants in vegas the most accessible/convenient places are pretty much buffets so i was a bit hesitant when i heard this is ayce (all you can eat). okay i'm not gonna lie...my first response was a NO to the idea of ayce, but fortunately my group and i caved when our pick was closed for some reason.

i've been here three times now and they've all been enjoyable experiences. the staff there were not only friendly (a must), but ATTENTIVE. our waitress checked on us frequently, but not to the point of annoyance. lastly, oyshi is not just a good place for sushi, but you also don't feel gouged when you're done...

helpful suggestions:

-this restaurant is off the 215 freeway so plan your transportation wisely;  cabbing it over there might be a bit expensive.

-make reservations if you can as they can be extremely busy, but if you can't then go early. my group showed up around 6'ish and was seated immediately _barely_ missing the dinner rush.

-the menu selections are pretty big so try not to make multiple orders of the same item so you can try different things. this is also important because not all their items are fresh, like uni or oysters.",4.0
"If you want the best cut in town then you've found your place. I've been coming here since February and was sold the first time I got my hair cut. The owner Anthony has cut my hair every time and all the other barbers are always friendly. The shop provides a chill vibe with different types of music playing each time you walk in. I recommend making an appointment, its saves time, but in the case were you are a walk in you can always relax with a cold brew. I've recommended numerous friends anytime they have asked me where I got my hair cut.",5.0
"I was skeptical as the menu primarily had gourmet/abstract toppings (I was not expecting this). However, I was blown away by the quality of the house dog! This was an amazing choice. 

One thing I noted is they seemed short handed. It took quite awhile so if in a hurry this may not be a good choice. This was rectified with great customer service however as they added additional fries due to the wait and gave deep fried oreos to others that waited a considerable amount of time. 

Only knock would be the fries....nothing great about them...just OK.

I will be back for the house dog!!!",4.0
"Walked into this place wanting to try it for the longest time. I was in serious need of caffeine on a Sunday afternoon. The service wasn't thr best as the barista looked disinterested in serving me but whatever I was taking my food to go. I walked in just wanting to order a latte but after paying for it I noticed the delicious looking crme brle croissant by the pastry display and had to get that as well. I was so curious as to how it tasted like a crme brle, I thought it was just a torched sugar crust but was pleasantly surprised to see a vanilla bean custard like filling inside of it and quite a bit of it as well not just a tiny blob but a good amount of custard filling. I throughly enjoyed the Crme brle croissant and can't wait to go back for it again, can't say the same for the latte though. It was forgettable, maybe next time I will try the coffee.",3.0
"Really flavorful and very fresh food. I asked them to alter their Mongolian Beef to my taste.... Spicy, no problem!!! It came and tasted so wonderful I couldn't believe. Only comment in a sort of negative way, too much sauce for me, but other than that totally awesome. Think about asking for lighter sauce unless you like lots of sauce.",5.0
"Just as others have said, DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!  I used Travelocity to book my trip and figured I would need transportation back and forth from the airport to the Tropicana hotel.  A cab would have been cheaper.  From the airport to Tropicana, the ride was fine.  Leaving was terrible.  I called 24 hours before like they tell you to and reservations were made to pick the 4 of us up at 6:15am.  We get down to the front entrance and my 3 friends waited outside while I checked out.  They were there at 6:15 and by the time I got outside it was 6:17 (receipt of my check out).  We waiting until 6:30 to call and the company said the bus was there from 6:15 to 6:19 and called it a no show and left.  Not one bus went through the front entrance.  They said it was our fault for not being out there on time.  I kept telling the operator 3 people were there at 6:15 and I showed up at 6:17.  He didn't want to hear it.  We had to wait until 7:15 for another bus to show up.",1.0
"Best shop in Vegas and the best shop I've been to! The artist in this shop are the ones to see if you want a bad ass one of a kind tattoo. First thing you will notice is the customer service, which is phenomenal! Joey and Lauren will make you feel at home as soon as you walk through the door. Every artist is friendly, knowledgeable and honest with you. My artists are Austin, Nick and Swarm. If you want to get tattooed, no matter if your a local, or from across the pond; THIS IS THE PLACE TO BE!!! I'm now a regular returning customer at the shop and I'm a difficult person to please, but this place is one in a trillion. Bottom line... Studio 21 is the best!",5.0
Great food and wonderful service! They've treated me with open arms! Tofu Yellow Curry and Sweet and Sour Chicken amazingly delicious!  Egg rolls were great also!  Thank you kindly and I will be back!,5.0
"Came here for my best friend's bachelorette party dinner. Service was amazing, food was incredible, and ambience was wonderful!! If I'm ever in Scottsdale I will definitely come back and I will be recommending FnB to any friends visiting the area! Soooo delicious! Please open one up in SoCal!",5.0
"Okay, I love this place, it always helps that I can walk to it, it also helps the two people I have introduced to it, loved it as well.

Farmhouse Burger - for those times you want a burger and do not want to regret it an hour later. ;) I've had this delivered to my house (I know I was super lazy) and I've eaten it in the restaurant. Its just as good either way!
- whole wheat ciabatta, great meat and you can have cheddar, vegan, goat or mozzarella cheese on it. I went with goat, nom!

Oh and the Garlic Parmesan Fries (Sweet Potato) are a fantastic addition to the burger.

Previous trips I've had the Roasted Mushroom and Goat Cheese Flatbread, which had a tone of flavor, and the Edamame Hummus Plate which was perfect for sharing and snacking, delicious and fresh.

I also always go for their Cucumber and Mint water, very refreshing.",4.0
"The restaurant decor is beautiful and well done, very fresh. The menu options are really well portioned and healthy. There are plenty vegetarian and gluten free options.

I have been here numerous times and have tried very hard to like it. The main downfall is the logistical issues with food service and breakfast/lunch hours. Breakfast stops sharply at 11, despite the person in front of you taking 20 minutes to order a juice. So if you're in line, be prepared with multiple options. Sometimes the management walks the queue with updates on what they are out of. Lately it's been eggs and potatoes, despite these being ingredients in many menu items. It's very disappointing.

Customer service folks are super nice and well uninformed, but they lack the resources to succeed since kitchen to table service is slow and the electronic table markers do not work. Servers pace the whole restaurant with your food, asking random guests what their number or order was.

I want this beautiful place to work, but you need a lot of patience and time to go here.",2.0
"I've been to Lyfe at least five times. None of those visits has resulted in a satisfactory meal. It's a beautiful space, conveniently located and the service is great. They have a killer water machine from which you can get ambient water, cold water and sparkling water. I give them 2 stars for the above.

I can't give them any stars for the food. Nothing I have tasted there has been remotely good. Even the sweet potato fries. I bake better ones at home in my toaster oven. The vegetable sides are offensive, the pastas are a joke and the appetizers are very underwhelming. Basically, you don't come here for a great, tasty meal. You come here to eat under 500 calories which you can probably do in lots of other places with a more palatable outcome. 

Also, it's horribly expensive. So I would avoid. No sixth visit for me. Fool me five times...",2.0
Service is good and hotel staff are friendly. Cookies in the afternoon that are still warm. Wish they are available all day. Can't expect much from the breakfast but it's a quick and easy if you are in a rush in mornings. Right off the hwy 427 so easy to get to downtown. Will stay again.,4.0
"Been here alot over the past 7yrs. Loved it, but unfortunately after tonight..I think I bid farewell. Calamari (11.25) is frozen & over done. Chicken Piccata (15.25), which I've had there before, was terrible. The sauce had a film on it, but dish was luke warm. Chicken was dry & sauce had a faint lemon taste. Hubby got linguine w/ white clam sauce (11.25) I'm no expert on clam sauce so in his words, it was brothy & lacked the taste he wanted. Anyway, service was average. I guess crossword puzzles are more important than increasing your tip ;)",2.0
So incredibly yummy!! Their sushi is the bomb. Try the heart attack or the I did your ex girlfriend. They give big portions on the seaweed salad,5.0
"One of the best Thai Food Joints out...i have never had a incorrect order, i have never had a bad meal. 

I took my brother and we ate the spiciest dish later he had an upset tummy but hes a wimp and cant handle spicy",5.0
"So I was brought here for the reverse happy hour. We went downstairs and when you first walk in, the atmosphere just hits you! The lighting is ideal for this place. The fireplace is a nice intimate touch. Their variety in liquor choices is vast and some of the best! I decided to choose wine this time around. The house cab was surprisingly good. Most house anything is cheap and flavorless but not here. My love and I ordered the small plates to share as they were $5 each. You cannot beat that. The bacon wrapped shrimp, the brie toast, and the calamari were outstanding! The sauces which accompanied the shrimp were fantastic (the spicy one is the best!). I will be back for sure especially since it is my boyfriend's favorite place!",5.0
"Rokerij is easily our favorite place to eat when we go to Phoenix! Family, friends, all ask when are we going to go here when we do our annual Arizona trip. Amazing food and drinks, with very generous sized portions and always a friendly staff. Can't go wrong with a lunch or dinner plate! We will come back here every year, as well as tell others how great this place is!",5.0
They take a long time but it's because their work is awesome. My favorite car wash by far !! Love them,5.0
My stove was having ridiculous problems but they totally helped out!! I highly recommend them. You should totally check them out because they can help instantly. I didn't have to wait for any trouble since they were pretty quick. Call them!!,5.0
"Big fan of the place. I hate the location, they deserve better.  Steves should really start to consider moving to a more ""scenic"" location.  The people who work there are great, but it's sad that they have to deal with riff raff and the beggers every night.  People will still come to Steves Hotdogs after getting wasted if they were in the heart of Ohio City or even Gordon Square. Trust me. Move.",4.0
I feel like they have improved since last year. Seems to be new chefs for dinner and dim sum. Definitely a lot better food quality then the past. Service is alright. Decent for a Chinese restaurant.,4.0
"I always knew this store was on the strip, but I never actually had a chance to come inside until this past weekend! This store is freaking insane... I personally love peanut M&M's, but I'm not sure that I'd get crazy and start buying expensive t-shirts and mugs to rep my favorite peanut colors. 

If you didn't know though, they have a very small theater on their top level that plays about a 12 minute M&M movie in 3D that's great for kids and has an AWESOME scene towards the end where all it does is blow cold air at you... perfect for when it's hot outside!

We didn't buy anything this time because we were just passing through, but we'll definitely come back next time to get some snacks :)",5.0
"If you ever dreamt of being surrounded by rivers of chocolate, this is definitely one of the closest places that you can get to doing that! You can take a picture with the green M & M, fill up on various different flavors, and even pick up keychains if you're a collector! 

Visiting this place as a child, it was definitely one of the most vivid memories I've had in regards to Vegas besides picking up an advertisement for strippers at the age of nine. So if you have kids, or are just feeling nostalgic in regards to candy, this is a MUST on your list of tourist attractions while in the area.",4.0
"Went there for the first time, I will go back again and again. There were so many wonderful items to choose from. We ordered Antipasto Salad and appetizers. Next time I'll try something else. The service was excellent and friendly.",5.0
"Braden is fa...ntastic employee. I have order the gluten free pizza, and let me tell you ( Bernie sanders voice) it's just the best pizza I've had. Each time I go Braden is able to suggest unique and delicious combinations to enhance my pizza eating experience.",5.0
"Just went in for a massage- very disappointed. First of all, this is the second time I attempted to get a massage at ritual. I originally purchased two groupons for a girlfriend and I to have a spa day together. After we moved our schedules around to be able to go in at the same time after lunch together, ritual called the day before to tell us they could accommodate only one of us the next day, as someone was sick. I realize that happens, but it ruined the point of us going in together.  I insisted that my girlfriend keep her appt. after our lunch, and said I would come back another time. 
Fast forward a few months- I scheduled at appt. for 2pm today (was told with a female massage therapist). Ritual called me this morning to say that due to marathon traffic, they were running 30 min behind, and could I come at 2:30. I said okay. 
I made sure to arrive promptly to ensure I didn't waste any of my 50 minute massage on changing etc...  I got there at 2:25, received an okay massage from a MALE therapist (requested more pressure, but it remained lighter that I would have liked), and was dressed again by 3:11pm.  That is 41 minutes into my appointment- absurdly short. When I mentioned this to reception, she said the 50 minute massage includes change time- well then call it a THIRTY minute massage. And don't charge $90 for it (by the time I returned, my groupon had expired, so I paid face value of $90 for the ""50"" minute massage). Will never return.",2.0
"Megan is a great hair stylist - professional and meticulous.

Interior of the salon is cool and everyone I have talked to was friendly and accommodating.",4.0
"Been here a few times now so it's time for the review.  Walked up to the hostess on a Saturday night and she asked if we had reservations, I said ""no"" because I didn't think this place was like that but then spending some time here it kinda makes sense, or Sens. Haha.

So one time ended up getting 6 (maybe a few more but the beers were going down pretty easy that night) different items.  Each one well thought out and fun to eat.  Yes, I said fun. One was cooked by us on a hot rock, and the others made us investigate each tasty bite.

Yup, the portions are small, but they're darn good vittles I tell ya.  Oh yeah, and they have a DJ so they get a few extra hipster points.",4.0
"Can I just say I am so happy that theres a vietnamese restaurant near my house! The service is great, lots more english than chinatown! I had the combo Pho bowl and the fried egg rolls, yum yum yum... the thai tea is also spot on! give this place a try!",4.0
I stopped at Pita Jungle after I left my heart doctors office and he said you have to eat better your cholesterol is high. So I drove over to Pita Jungle because fuck it one last philly steak and cheese isn't going to kill me. The food there is excellent and the people god-damn rock whom work there. They are always nice and tell me what is good and what has changed or been added to the menu. The pita jungle garlic dip is the thing of dreams and my body loves it.,5.0
"I've now eaten at a few Sauce locations and every experiance has been very positive. I really enjoyed the airport location because I travel a lot and have found often times you don't find good food at airports. The food came out quick which is great when you have a flight to catch. They boxed it up for me nicely which made it easy for my to take leftovers onto the plane if I wanted.

 I've tried a few of the pastas and they are all great, my fav is the Chicken & broccoli pasta, delicious. Sauce has also help me find a new favorite wine, Snoqualmie, which is difficult because I am so picky when it comes to my wine. Has to be sweet and fruity. Cheers to you Sauce !!",4.0
"Maxi's is a hole-in-the-wall, delicious, a little expensive, little dive that is a Little Italy gem. The food is good. I particularly like pretty much all the pasta. But who doesn't? It's a bit more casual and more adult oriented. They also make a mean drink!",4.0
"I lift the weights and I put them down! This review is only for the actual free weights / gym area as I did not use any of the spa services.

One of the better casino health clubs I have trained at. The Spa at Bally's gym is loaded with free weights, machines, benches, cardio, and dumbbells. It has one of the best selections of Icarian machines I have seen in a casino gym, along with real steel free weight plates, cable racks, bars, smith machine, and a great selection of metal dumbbells up to 100 pounds. I hate those rubberized weights. There is a nice cardio area off to the side with Cybex treadmills, bikes, and ellipticals. A few flat screens hang from the ceiling.

The facility itself is very clean and well maintained. Even though the equipment might not be the newest it looks pretty current, and nothing was broken or out of service. The locker room is pretty sweet. Really nice facilities with hot tubs, saunas, couches, flat screen tv, coffee, and fruit. Early in the morning there are not that many people up at that time so I basically had the gym to myself.

The hours of the gym are 6am - 6pm, so it's good for an early morning workout but I wished it stayed open later for those of us who are working a long show at the convention center and would like to get in a workout when returning back to the hotel. Also, you can buy a daily pass or a three day pass for $51 which includes unlimited access and use of the spa. If staying more than a few days it's worth it to get a multiple day pass to bring the rate down. As with all casino health clubs it's not cheap, but worth it for the quality of the equipment here, and if you value staying on top of your fitness while away from home.

It's not like going to your normal fully stocked gym where you have your membership at, but it's more of a compact version, and better than many of the casino or hotel gyms I have used.",4.0
"Put blinders on the kids! Strip club on the left, adult film studio on the right...I need to visit this area without the family next time.  But once you get in and look beyond the smoky interior, its quite comfortable.

Orange Chicken - yes, probably not the dish you'd want to order at a Thai place, but it was good!  Neon orange crunchy candy coated fried chunks of chicken.  If that is your type of thing with a bowl of white rice, then you'd be in heaven.  

Pad See Ew - also pretty good here.  Of course we had to get everything with spice level 0 for the kid but the ingredients all had good texture and felt fresh.

Neighboring businesses probably scare some of their potential customers away but they're just missing out on some good food.",3.0
"You should go anywhere else to get a bagel - don't waste your time stopping at this location. I've been here 3 times in the last 2 months after moving to the neighborhood, and this location of Einstein Bagels keeps getting worse. Odds are they won't have the bagels you want when you walk in, or if they do they'll ""run out"" before your order is completed.

Einstein, how do you run out of bagels? YOU HAVE ONE JOB! If you're out of a specific type of bagel by mid-morning today (and last weekend, and the one before, etc.), why not go ahead and close for the day when you start running out instead of disappointing all of us? We'll know you are out because the door is locked and won't waste our time waiting in line for you to fail again. Also, I'm pretty sure your bagels aren't handcrafted by some old-world artisan in the back of the store - you're effectively a fast-food restaurant even if this location doesn't have a drive-thru, so why do you not order/make more bagels for next time if you run out on a consistent basis? People go out for breakfast on the weekends and might sleep late before they go out, so why are you out of anything before noon on a Saturday or Sunday?

A few weeks ago I stopped in for a sick friend who had requested either an asiago cheese bagel or an everything bagel...the customer in front of me ordered the last asiago cheese bagel in the bin, and they were out of everything bagels. I walked out and bought our breakfast elsewhere. It was a Saturday morning at 10:15 am, so I'm sure we weren't the last people not to get what we came to Einstein for that day.

The visit today looked more promising because I saw 2 asiago cheese bagels in the bin when I got in line. They were out of pretzel bagels and down to 1 apple cinnamon bagel, 1 potato bagel, and 2 Spinach Florentine bagels, so other people would soon be disappointed and have to get something else...but not me, not today! Both asiago cheese bagels were still there 5 minutes later when I made it through the long line and ordered, and the woman taking orders seemed to remember me from my last failed visit and thanked me for coming back. I went to the other end, paid, and waited for about 5 more minutes before someone behind the counter flagged me down to tell me they were now out of asiago cheese bagels and what would my second choice be? I asked for the manager's name and number, and the girl at the checkout counter cheerfully pointed and said ""she's right there."" I asked for the owner's name and number instead, thinking that the manager either must be in on the supply problem or just too incompetent to notice it, and the counter girl kinda shrugged and gave me a blank look. The counter girl refunded my money and hollered to the woman taking orders at the other end to ""start watching her bagels,"" so I was only out the 10 minutes wasted and the same disappointment from my last visit. It was 9:45 am - so much for coming in earlier. It was strange though...no one from Einstein seemed to think that it was unusual to ask a customer for their second choice, so maybe everyone else who comes here just has lowered expectations and goes along with it?  :(

I had previously considered going to the next closest Einstein location for asiago cheese bagels, even though it would be several miles away. After today, I realized that we all deserve a more sustainable bagel solution with better customer service. When I find it, I'll let you know...in the meantime, you're better off going to Safeway next door for your bagels.",1.0
"I suppose one of the things that I loved was the sheer variety and difference of the many dishes available.  Variety is good.  But I find that usually in sushi restaurants, that when such a place has so many dishes on their menu, they tend to all come out with a vaguely similar taste underneath.  Not so here.  Each dish has its own flavor and flair.  

But what stood out to me the most was the service.  I've been here thrice for dinner, and have had three different waiters/waitresses serve.  They were all very attentive, very personable, and had this way of making you feel special.  Whatever training they give their employees must be amazing. Frankly, I've never received nearly as much satisfaction I got from the service here.  I'm extremely surprised, actually:  I'm very much an introvert and do not usually welcome so much attention.

My only complaint (though not much of one) was the lack of choices in the dessert menu.  Everything had some form of ice-cream as the central fare.  They tasted fine, but I would have liked a wider selection.",5.0
"Thoroughly enjoyable but I can understand the hot and cold reviews for this place.  MY experience was great because it was on a slower saturday afternoon.  But had I come at a packed time I can see how the service can turn into a hurried rush and the food could lack quality.

I ordered the bennies just because I heard it was so good.  and true enough, they were quite well done.  I'm a HUGE fan of their hollendaise which I usually HATE.  It has this wonderfully light lemon taste.  SO yummy.

The service was fine, all the female servers were quite nice and friendly and took their time to make sure we felt welcome.  But again, had I come at a busier time I can see how they might be perceived as not-so-nice.  

the decor.  Can we talk about the decor?  It is AWESOME.  It is a narrow little room with nice dark wood tables and then some weird ass shiny/sparkly vinyl seating for the booths.
The small and intimate space was VERY nice.

This place is a tad pricey, but it is quality food for a portion that is sensible (meaning they don't give you too much food that you feel obliged not to waste and they don't give you a tiny portion where you feel cheated).

I'd go again, but I wouldn't be a regular.",4.0
"Stayed here for a total of 2 nights. 

It was like stating in a small apartment. It had all the conveniences of living at home. Room had a fridge (normal size not mini), dishes, dishwasher, washer and dryer, private balcony with table and chairs  etc. 

The grounds were kept clean, and I like that it is a NON SMOKING facility! Pool and jacuzzi were well taken care of and large. 

This hotel is also conveniently located to the 101 freeway which is a mile down the road.",4.0
"Sweet walking paths. Loud in the toad mating season, though! Watch where you step!",4.0
"This place was so delicious! The meats were cooked perfectly and the salsa was tasty, perfect for a hot day.",5.0
"They have the best Ox Tail ! It was so tender and a half of an order is still huge! I ordered two sides Red Beans and Rice and Potato Salad. The rice was okay but I'm not used to having the gravy on it. The salad was a little on the sweet side.

The stand out items for me were the Ox tail, Banana Pudding and the Muddy Waters. I was sorry that I ordered the lemon cake once I had a bite of the Banana pudding. It was comfort food at it's best!  The lemon cake was good but I would choose the pudding over it any day!",4.0
My husband and I went there for our Valentines day after a long time craving for soul food. The resturant  was very quiet that night only four patrons.  We were served corn bread in pancake style immediately as we were seated. The food was more than phenomenal!!!!!!! I got smothered fried chicken  O M Goodness !!!! My husbamd got fried chixken he said O M Giodneas as well.. The only thing  that will be best when the sides are little bigger since it was served in small bowl. Dont allow that be a negative.  They also serve breakfast when we saw the menu..  We still cant get over how DELICIOUS the meal was !! ORDER muddywater which  was half lemonade and iced tea soo Phenomenal delicious!!! WE WILL BE BACK SOONER THAN WE THINK !!!!!!,5.0
"Been here a couple times.  Both of which were for celebratory occasions and we all had a good ol' time.  The food is delicious and fun to look at but forbiddingly expensive.  I mean, on the level of a Michelin restaurant but without the value for the experience you get.  However, I would say for special days or a VIP visit, this is a great restaurant.  It is memorable and you will definitely remember your visit here, so that itself is worth three stars.  Get the monster dessert tower.",3.0
"The white fish salad sandwich was just okay. Nothing special and a little overpriced. I don't appreciate when I'm told that they don't have any water and offered to buy bottled water for $2.50. So your Coke machine works just fine but there is no water? Shame on you!

I wish they didn't hire these young guys who look if they are skipping high school: I don't expect anything special from a server but I don't want to wait for ten minutes for my check, I expect to get my drink refilled after I was asked if I want it refilled and finally, when I'm trying to remind him about the refill I don't appreciate being told ""Have a nice day"".",2.0
"We came here for the first time for the Town Scary for Halloween.  We got there early so parking wasn't to bad.  Such a good time, lots of candy, fun, games, and kids !!! I have a 3 year old and he had an absolute blast !!! 

Free candy from almost allt he stores, shops, restaurants.  Great live DJ (from KLUC)

Great time, with that being said im glad we came early, by the time we were leaving with a bucket full of candy, the new people coming in were having to wait in long lines for one piece of candy from the stores.

Great time look forward to coming back, not on for Halloween, but for some shopping and dinoing in between",5.0
"I've been coming here for years since my family moved to Vegas. I have always had amazing servers and service period. The place is always clean, and the price is always great (especially for locals), but over the years, the buffet has gotten less and less exciting. It's a great place to sit, talk, and eat, but the quality of the food has gone down a bit. There are so many things to eat though that for the price, it is a steal! I love that they have the Asian soup section (I get the pho) and the seafood section with crab legs and shrimp. I like that they now give you a choice between hot and cold crab legs. What I do not like and will never understand is why they merged the Seafood Buffet with it. It's a little sad that it is no longer the same, but I guess it works.

I will still always recommend for people to give it a try!",3.0
"*** UPDATE: I went back to see them to have my ring checked and cleaned, and they are no longer on Scottsdale road nor could I find them at the current address listed. No one answered when I called! If you are out of business, please come back!***

These guys did an incredible job with my wedding band and engagement ring. My husband bought an engagement ring that would require a jacket band, but I also wanted to be able to wear the band alone because of where I work. Also, my fingers are kind of small so I am not a fan of thick bands. The pave diamonds on my engagement ring are thicker than what I wanted for my wedding band but I wanted them to match. Judi was so wonderful and worked with me until we found a perfect fit!! They were able to add a small lift under the engagement ring and found the perfect band to compliment my ring. I am SO grateful!!!",5.0
"There's a huge variety of new cardio/weight machines, the layout is very nice and I love the view of the Metro Downtown area, its really nice to workout with the view of the skyline right in front of you. Perry, one specific trainer, was really nice and very helpful my first time in. However, the overall vibe of the gym is kind of grumpy and unhappy - its not very vibrant and fun.",2.0
"Finally had a chance today to have of the best pulled pork sandwiches i ever had! Oredered pulk pork sandwich with a coleslaw and it was perfectly smoked, great balance of saltiness and bbq sauce on a warm pretzel bun! Can't wait to taste their beef brisket! Met the head chef Tom who was very polite and friendly and their great stuff:)",5.0
"Kim was really great!!! This was my first visit and i really enjoyed it. The cupping on my back and legs felt really great. The cupping is a new thing and I dont know anyone the does it. Well now I do. I think she can help me a lot and I look forward to my next busy because I'm sure I will really need it. She has been doing it for over a year now and is very confident and knowledgeable about it, plus she has seen a lot of results which makes me think, if i dont get it I'll be missing out! Thanks Kim...see you soon!",5.0
"No one likes to go to the dentist, but Dr. Spence and his staff make it a pleasant experience.  Everyone is competent, friendly and enjoyable to deal with.  He never tries to suggest procedures you don't really need (as our past dental provider did).  I wish I knew about Dr. Spence years ago.  A really great and trustworthy practice!!!!!  Please never retire!",5.0
I hired this company to come do a good spring cleaning they were here 3 1/2 hrs and i will say did a good job total cost 187.00 $ I probley overtiped 20$ per person (2) without much appreciation from the cleaners......not a big enough tip???? I used them a second time yesterday because of a 20$off coupon  88$-20 again did a good job .,3.0
"Super tasty coffee and lovely service! The fact that they use two shots in all their coffees, offer two different beans and know what a flat white is tells me these guys know what they are doing!",5.0
"The Service here is excellent,and the food is really good we couldn't stop ordering the brisket and my hunger grows waiting for the meat to cook through I couldn't wait !",5.0
"Khoury's Fine Wine and Spirits is the best wine shop in Las Vegas.  They have a great selection of boutique wines, small production, and high quality wines.  I went into the store not planning on buying anything, and found many very unique, and interesting wines to buy.  Anyone who knows their wine will love this shop, and will also get along well with the owners of the store.  I had a long conversation with Issa Khoury about different experiences in Napa Valley we have had.  If you live in Las Vegas and you enjoy wine, you should go into Khoury's and ask them to suggest some wines they enjoy.",5.0
Only accepts cash!! Would of been nice to know before I drove there . The course is a dirt field and the manager is a prick.,1.0
"First time stopping in here and it was a delight!  I was immediately greeted by the super friendly staff.  From placing my order to paying for my meal, they were all professional, courteous and smiling!  Great customer service!

Now ~ they have many many items to choose from.   Ultimately decided on the Turkey Cranberry Gourmet Sandwich and the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup.   This is part of the pick 2 for $7.99.   Nice!  I was used to the Panera pick 2 when it only comes with 1/2 sandwich but here it is the whole sandwich!  Fantastic! 

The Turkey Cranberry is served on a ciabatta bread roll with sprouts, cucumber, cheese, mixed greens and house made honey mustard.  This was a fabulous combination of ingredients that my taste buds sure did enjoy! The great thing about their ciabatta bread is it was soft and not flaky.  Sometimes that type of bread can be really tough to chew but they have theirs figured out.  

Now for the soup.  Some people might cringe at the fact of eating cauliflower. The Wisconsin Cauliflower soup was really great! It has a flavor and texture of potato cheese soup! I see more and more recipes using cauliflower instead of potatoes.  Cuts calories and healthier (I think or that's what I'm telling myself).  My opinion is the soup was great and give it a try!

BONUS BONUS BONUS~~~ Their sandwiches come with a chocolate covered strawberry! The strawberry was fresh and the chocolate had a great non-bitter flavor! 

I am thrilled about Cafe Zupas! A great place!",4.0
"The burgers are good. Better than most, but the area where they keep the condiments and vegetables for your burgers leave a lot to be desired.  Vegetables aren't very fresh and the handles used on the tongs are often found in the condiments and veggies :( It's a good place to stop at if you're passing by but there are definitely better burger places in the valley if u want a great burger. Solid burgers not so fresh everything else.",3.0
"Service was really slow to start. Took a long time before we even got water. Once we ordered, our meals arrived less than 5 minutes after we ordered. I had a lobster pasta and my friend had a variation of spaghetti. No way that was cooked fresh to order. We both took a bite and immediately realized that the food tasted like it came out of a can. The pasta was inedible. The lobster was overcooked and gross. Neither of us could eat our meals so we notified the manager. He asked if we wanted to switch to something else and we declined. Who would want to? We got up to leave and he stopped us and forced us to pay for a bottle of water and glass of wine that we didn't get to drink because we had no meal for it to go with. Seriously? You serve us inedible food and then force us to pay for the beverages we didn't drink? Unforgivable.",1.0
UGH!!! So pissed after eating here. I don't know if it was who I went with or what but I was NOT feeling this food. I was so mad as I coughed up 30+ bucks and my chicken was dry and my mashed potatos were watery yulk!! I am not a fine dining person anyway but damn cheesecake factory has better Chicken Madera than this place cmon!! The ambiance and the service were great on a positive note. So I basically paid for ambiance. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder so I say check it out for yourself you may like it who knows!,3.0
"RUN LIKE HELL!!! New to the area and I have heard so many people talk about Captains Steve's and how great it is so this past weekend I decided to try it out. I was really excited! We went on Saturday around 2pm for lunch. Wasn't a lot of people there so I thought perfect. This would be the perfect time to spend some time with my family, relax, and enjoy lunch. Walked in and never received a greeting welcoming us to the place. We had received dinner menus so as soon as I sat down I asked for the lunch menu was informed that they do not use the lunch menus on the weekend. Ok no big deal. Our waitress Kristen was the absolute worst!!! She had a horrible attitude! Never smiled and came across like we were bothering her whenever we asked for something or when we asked her to come back because we were still reviewing the menu. She failed to refill our water glasses and when we finally brought it to her attention she poured water all over our table and did not even offer to clean it up. Horrible customer service experience!! The food was just ok. Wasn't seasoned very well. Overall I was not impressed and will not be back!!!!! 

**After talking with a few people about my experience. I learned that Captain Steve used to own this location on Monroe but it was bought out a few years back and they kept the name. not the same owners as the one in Harrisburg or Fort Mill. I'll try Captain Steve's again but it will NEVER be the one on Monroe.**",1.0
"I usually love this place and eat here all the time. The last time I came in it was terrible. Not only was my food order incorrect, but I called it in about 30 minutes before. No they were not busy and when I got there 30 minutes later I still had to wait ten minutes to get my to go order. Not to mention I was watching whoever was preparing my food and he was talking on his cell phone while he was doing it. Whoever was behind the front desk was rude and very unprofessional. I'm disappointed this time.",2.0
I love these gals. When we go out of town I know I can trust Jaimee to feed/water and let out my dog Katie. She gets lonely when we travel....and having that interaction for my 4 legged best friend is important to me.,5.0
"THIS is the best of the best parks in Las Vegas/Henderson/Summerlin. 

My husband and I needed something to do the day after Christmas. We were still groggy from eating turkey and drinking the day before though. We really did not feel like driving all the way to Red Rock. I happened to locate this park right here on Yelp, and noted from the reviews there is a small ""mountain"" (hill) to hike up.

When we arrived the park was full of children and adults alike. The children were playing on the Western themed playground equipment, and some were running around on the large expanse of green grass. The park is very well kept. It looks as though it could be plopped down into a city like Colorado Springs and not be out of place. 

""Shoelace Mountain"" is an easy hike, not too far up, not too steep, even for beginners this would be kind of easy. I am a wussy when it comes to going DOWN anything though, so of course, I had to inch my way down after we made it up. Once you get to the top there is a look-out place with information regarding the Las Vegas Valley and surrounding areas. You can see the strip, all of the valley and look across to Red Rock as well. There are also picnic benches up at the top.

Overall this park is a perfect retreat for city-dwellers who don't want to go far to ""get away"".",5.0
"I came here in 2015 and it was way better than it is now.
Their food just looks like Indian food, but it isn't.
All the curries have too much water in them and tastes bland.

The positive thing was that the owner comped our food and he was nice. I would rate him 5/5 on taking the feedback positively.",2.0
"No Vegas vacation is complete without going to scooter around the strip. We had so much fun and it was a really cool experience.  Chris was so nice, pick up and drop off meetings were simple and convenient.  He even serviced one of the scooters for us in the parking garage while we had lunch. We highly recommend them. 2 of our scooters were brand new and everything was in good condition. We'll definitely call him again next time we're in town. Thanks again, Chris!!!!",5.0
"Been banking here for 17 years.  The service these days is terrible!  Yesterday went in to make a withdrawal. One teller working.  Waited 25 minutes to make the deposit.  One day, I walked in and the manager actually told me I would have to come back as they had no tellers on duty!

The tellers they do have are all nice, but just never enough of them.  Go to Wells Fargo, much better service!",1.0
"I think their pasteries used to taste better before , wish if they let you buy smaller pies or a piece instead of the whole thing",4.0
"She did a horrible job on my house. Didn't clean the kitchen, bathrooms (other than the master bath), didn't make the beds or take out the trash. I txt her and she said she did clean it so I sent her pics. Then she said it was because the dirt was engrained in my tile floor (I went over it lightly once with a mop and it was gone, no joke). Then she said she had to vacuum extra because of our dog which is a complete and total lie. And then she said it was because she ""took the time to clean each of my perfume bottles so she ran out of time to clean the house"". Ummm...I never asked nor wanted you to clean my perfume bottles for an hour, especially when I hired you because I wanted my house clean for a party we were having the next day and I'm paying by the hour. I never gave her a time limit either, she just decided she was done and left. She was late, she did the worst job ever and to to top it off she overcharged my husband (I had to leave and I assumed she would charge what we had discussed) and then had the audacity to say she gave us a discount when I questioned her about it. Oh and if she stays a little over the hour she charges for the full hour and yet leaves anyway. She finally offered to come back if she had time but I didn't even want her back in my house. I should've stopped payment on the check. Total crook, I would NEVER hire her again.",1.0
"It's fast food, so the quality is only going to get you so far, but nonetheless, the service is always great here. 
Usually if I place an order for delivery, it arrives before the said time frame and the food is hot. I usually get the Mao Po tofu entree and they have yet to disappoint.",4.0
"Shop was clean. Attendant was helpful and friendly. They had large, fully stocked quarter machines! They now have signs outside the door stating there is no smoking, so no smoke wafting in. Thx for being open Sunday morning!",4.0
"Never tried Bao before coming here, but after tasting it at this location, I can say I'm a fan lol. The bun is very soft and pairs well with the flavour of the pork belly and the crunchiness from the peanuts and cucumbers. Personally, I love coriander so it's always a plus in my dish. 2 are pretty filling in my opinion. Best to come during off-peak hours.",4.0
"Very overrated place. OMG I am actually quite shocked how less than uneventful my experience was. 

I visited Cleveland on business and decided to check this joint as it advertised itself as ""earth friendly"" organic, natural food with lots of beer  and wine choices. I am all over it.

I set at the bar and it took a while for someone to recognize my existence. I asked for menu, they took menu from a customer sitting next to me and gave it to me. I asked for a draft beer since I am SD bound beer cruiser ;) they had nothing I liked, tried 3 wines and settled on one ""not very exciting"" chardonnay. It was uneventful and I didn't feel like I was getting a good vibe from the bar crew. The menu didnt sound as interesting either....Since I couldn't order anything I liked to drink I decided to get something small to eat...WHAT A MISTAKE!!! I should have left without ordering anything. 

I got this ridiculously small cabbage salad (size of a tea china cup plate) for $8....OMG....seriously?

Take your money and go somewhere else!!! Customer service was crap, drink, wine and beer menu was uneventful if thats even applicable!",1.0
"Went to Puck's, last minute, for dinner with family. Located in Crystals Mall on the Strip near Aria, it has a bright semi open space, with a nice small bar area. Only had to wait 10 minutes for a Friday night walk-in around 9PM. Staff was adequately attentive.

Overall, food was good. I tried the grilled ribeye steak, which was probably the priciest entree on the menu at $40. But it was cooked perfectly to my order (medium rare) with an unctuous reduction sauce which I wish I had more off. Topped off, it had a nice stem of mushrooms and blackened green chiles. (which was a nice touch of heat) to the dish. A perfectly acceptable opening meal night in Vegas. Nothing too fancy or spend, but good food still.

Sampled the tiramisu dessert at the end. Tasted really good. It had these nice chocolate beads in the creamy layer that added a surprising little crunch to the dish.

Even though it's a mainly pasta/pizza & some seafood place, I can safely recommend the ribeye here. Enjoy the good eats.",4.0
"Service was so slow that I got up and got a pitcher and filled up all four of our glasses.  Then, we got the bill and the wine wasn't discounted.  When we inquired he said it was bottles only.  When we asked where it says that (see pic) he said it doesn't. He gave us the wrong change for the bill we paid cash for. The neighbors bill also had to be sent back.  The food was ok but the service was unacceptable. I won't be back and I wouldn't recommend.",1.0
"I've visited this place several times for basic colds and flus, and also visited them for 2 injuries. For the 5 or 6 times I have visited I've received spectacular service. If you've ever been to an ER or basic doc visit, you understand that waiting is not fun, and, the overall lack of communication and service. Arcadia Urgent Care processed me saw me quickly every time, and when there was a wait I knew where I stood from the excellent communication from the front office staff. The physician's and assistants are all friendly and very thorough! They all seem to be very qualified clinicians who cared about helping me! A couple of times I was shocked at how much time they took to explain to me what was going on with my xray, and also an issue I had with a neck pain. I felt at ease asking no stupid question and felt like they genuinely cared about answering me until I really understood. I found myself attending this place quite a bit more when I had to change to a ridiculously high deductible health plan, so it was actually cheaper for me to visit Arcadia Urgent Care than wasting my time with a primary care doc who would charge me their ""discounted"" rate. The flat fee made sense and I like knowing what I'm paying for. The location is outstanding and the hours are convenient.....easy to go in after work or on the weekend. I am sure I will be sick or injured again (sadly), and will definitely be back! Thank you for such excellent service and care.",5.0
"I hesitate to do this review because it can get busy in here, and let's face it, who wants to wait when you feel like crapola?
This urgent care I have made my ""primary care"" because it is staffed with ER doctors and you don't get the typical ""physicians assistant"" treatment. 
In fact, when I first went on Labor Day of 2010, the doctor there sent me to the ER and correctly diagnosed me after a month of misdiagnosis by my now former Top Doctor! 
Yesterday I went because I have a cold (no big deal) and an ear infection (big deal, I am a flight attendant and have to fly and that is a No-NO with an ear infection). There was a long wait (about an hour and a half) but once I got in to see the doctor, it was 15 minutes and I was out of there!
Very clean, organized, and professional, and EVERYONE is very, very nice.
Highly recommend this place, folks! Call in advance if you're concerned about the wait...and for God's sake, please cover your mouth when you cough and cover your nose when you sneeze!",5.0
"I am a Vegas local and Im pretty familiar with the club scene here, so of course my friends from back home put me in charge of the bachelorette party they were have here in Vegas. As a local, I know that even if you have a hook up in the club scene, it can still be a challenge to organize a whole night of parting with a large group of girls. I did some bachelorette party searching and came across Sin City Parties. I was very impressed by the packages to choose from as well as the prices. I picked a packaged and booked right away in one shot. Brandon called me & confirmed the plans for the night and asked questions that I would have not thought of, so we got the night planned out and tailored for our group.  As the night began, we got confirmation calls from Brandon as well as our host for the night. Our host was great & a lot of fun!  She made sure everything was in place & on time. Sin City Parties made our night.",5.0
"Love a myriad of instructors here.  Love the way they teach - they are especially good with people that are new to the class!  

Great studio too.  Been to many that wreak of sweat - but this one stays pretty pleasant!",5.0
"Uh, since doughnuts are making a come back .. at least supersize homemade ones, reinventing the wheel on new ideas is always fun to watch. This place has huge doughnuts and lots of options to choose from.  Today's complimentary sponge bob idonut for the little ones is why I love this place and come back for more.",5.0
"Order of the brisket sandwich with a couple sides cost me $14 which is kind of pricey 

The pros 

Nice flavor on the brisket at the sauce good quality nicely done, not the best brisket I've ever had but above avg

The mac & cheese was all right slightly above average

The baked beans were actually the highlight of the meal might be some of the tastiest beans I can remember I've had

The cons the size of the sides really a miniature cups for two dollars each I would rather spend 2.50 to 3 dollars a side and get just a little bit more than they give, especially considering how good those beans are

They do offer what they call a plate version but I did my find another way to combine meats like most other of the barbecue places do, seems to me that they could do some work on the menu such as offering a two or a three meat combo maybe I missed it but the menu still seems to be needing a little bit more development

The staff is friendly which is a plus

This is very close to being 4stars....sure I'll give it another go and if it's good it will get bumped up there's just so many bbq places and the sides value and the ability to get more than just one meats are things that can be improved",3.0
"I was actually pretty surprised with this place. Consider it's on the strip, at the Bellagio, and you're looking for something quick to eat and that won't cost an arm and a leg.  At snacks, it's not just candy bars and potato chip bags.  You have creative burger and pizza items alongside some pretty awesome french fry variations.

First, to save time, the menu selection is a touchable screen before you approach the cashier.  It gives you your options of what you would like to have included or removed from your item.  For example, a lot of the burgers come with it's specific ingredients to make for a pretty good burger.  For the socal burger, don't forget to include the kale which is part of the burger.  The combination of the chile and the kale with a unique bun make it a treat, a good treat.  The pizza is not your all time greatest pizza but it's much much better pizza than what you find at those mall pizza spots.  Ugh, I can't stand those!

Pricing? Much more affordable than stopping at any of the restaurants off the strip, especially among any of the other food spots at the Bellagio.

HIGHLY RECOMMEND, if you're at the Bellagio and you can't wait to go anywhere else or walk another half mile anywhere for food, and you want to save some money and make it quick so you can catch up with your spouse, friend, group, whatever, definitely stop by Snacks.  You can find it when facing the Bellagio, it's on the north side near Flamingo road and the valet by the casino and the fancy jewelry windows.  Keep an eye out, you'll find it.",4.0
"Had a very good hamburger (Shawn Burger) and fries last week. Asked the waiter for a good beer pairing and was pleased with outcome. Will return again.  Cool decor inside.  High top tables only, so can be tricky to bring small children.",4.0
Ambience is really good. Sat down at bar and owner chef was working right next us. He explained us how they made sriracha sauce and all dishes' description. Had shortrib dumpling. Kimchi dumpling. Yellowtail. Seafood hotpot. Pork pot. All the dishes were phenomenal! Definately going back in short time!,5.0
"Walked in on a whim. Sat at the counter. Food was excellent! So many yummy things to choose from that I can't wait to go back! Had the seafood hot pot that was so full of flavor. Fish was so fresh, not overdone from sitting in the broth. Was fun watching cooks work to create dishes. Seemed attentive to detail and presentation.",5.0
"Good solid food.

We have been coming year occasionally for the past few years. This is a friendly local place. The food is always good. The southwest burrito is great..",4.0
"If you need have any flooring needs, you're doing yourself a tremendous dis-service by not checking out Ahwatukee Carpets!!  The entire experience was the best I've had when buying new flooring.  Traci & crew are awesome and the installers were great as well.  Ahwatukee ""Carpets"" does way more than carpets too!  We will be looking to them when it's time for our kitchen remodel.",5.0
"We made an appointment to visit here on Tuesday.  The tour lasted over two hours, and it was a very cool.  The curator, Jim, was very informative, and did a great job.  The stories he told about the former owner, and just seeing the house, with all the eclectic decor, and all the musical instruments were fascinating.   Highly recommend.  Would like to come back and do it again some time.",5.0
"Love this location since it's opened. 

I got the cranberry truffle because it's back temporarily and I haven't had it in years! Thank god it's back!

I always get the chicken pesto flatbread with a side of hot sauce because it's absolutely amazing. 

Employees are always nice here and it's open 24/7!",5.0
"I have had better Chinese food elsewhere (I 'm from the Bay Area), but this place was still a decent family styled Chinese restaurant. Good thing was that this restaurant opened pretty late.

We got here at around 9 PM, and ordered 5 dishes:

- Wonton soup: which we split into 5 small bowls. Decent
- Peking duck: was ok. not excellent. A little dry and small compared to other places
- green with mushroom: The green was quite bitter. Plus, in the menu it was showing baby bok choy. What we actually got was the mustard green, which was misleading.
- Mapo Tofu: was pretty salty
- orange chicken: was better than Panda Express, which saved the salty mapo tofu.

Came out $78 for 4 people which wasn't too bad.",3.0
"This place reminds me of Harvey's in terms of food and operation. 

We ordered 2 home burgers, one fries, onion rings and a gravy. Total came to approximate $30.

Cash only.",3.0
"3.5
This place was better then I thought it would be. The kids and I shared a 14 inch pie. We opted for the butter garlic crust and it was decent. 

The pizza dough was good, sauce, cheese and meat were all a little sparse but the flavor were good....and it was $6 bucks for 3 of us to eat. 

The girls next to me had some sandwhiches and they looked good too.",3.0
"We are beyond grateful to Dr. Sher and the staff at the Las Vegas office for making our dreams come true last year. We came to the office feeling overwhelmed and helpless about our struggle with infertility, but we felt immediately reassured after our initial phone consultation with Dr. Sher. We were a bit nervous about traveling to Nevada from California to undergo the procedures, but the office has everything streamlined so well that it turned out to be much easier than we expected. The staff and nurses are truly amazing and always took their time answering my many questions, and we couldn't have asked for a kinder, more skilled and knowledgable doctor than Dr. Sher. We are so grateful to everyone in the office for helping us achieve parenthood! Thank you!",5.0
Delicious. The chicken and pork were exceptional.  Nice quick bite to eat by the airport.,5.0
"small pho with TWO slices of beef, how does that even leave the kitchen and to a customers table

1/5 stars",1.0
"If I had to describe this place in one word, it would be 'meh'. This place is surrounded by big commercial buildings, and I would think this  would be a good place for lunch for the employees. Also there's not many other pho places around here so I see why this place would get a lot of business. Came here craving for pho, I left kinda half satisfied. The broth was a bit too light for me, the portions were quite average, they didn't have culantro with their complimentary veggies nor my fav pickled hot peppers. The condensed milk coffee wasn't filtered properly so I had to avoid drinking all the way to the bottom of the cup. 6.5/10",3.0
"Walked in here with my brother on a hung-over Saturday morning to try to get at some of the breakfast people reviewed here already. 

First, the entire place smells like cigarettes and last week's beer. I'm gonna go ahead and take a guess that they don't follow the ""no smoking inside buildings"" law. Second, I could not get the attention of the bartender, and not for lack of trying. I made it very obvious that I was trying to have someone serve me and got literally nothing in return. During the less than 10 minutes I was there, the bartender took three shots with the people at the bar. The two servers in the doorway to the kitchen were talking to each other and never turned to look to see if anyone wanted something. 

My brother and I decided we would rather walk a mile to a different breakfast place than try to get service here.",1.0
"Great food and quick service! Tried going 3 other times but the wait was too much, now I know why theres a wait! Great food, huge portions, and reasonable prices. Definitely a reccomendation for anyone.",4.0
"I had heard that this place had the best burger in Toronto. So I went there to check it out and I got the Priest, a cheeseburger that also has an option on top (an option is a deep fried portabello mushrooms stuffed with cheese). It was good, but the bun did not hold up at allllll. I sat outside on a bench and I struggled to eat it. The next time I went back I learned from my mistake and I got a plain cheeseburger. The bun this time held up perfectly and melded with the paddy and the cheese. It all just melted in my mouth, and I was thinking about it hours later. Sometimes I randomly think about it still. When this place comes to the west end I will become a regular.",5.0
"The name of this place should be called just ""Burrito."" SUPER is a little too much. The food was ok. The guy at the register was very funny and showed great customer service, but the food was nothing great. It was average with there being so many great taco and burrito places in Las Vegas. You are not missing out if you decide to drive by.",2.0
"This was my first time doing reflexology and I really enjoyed it. This was a great experience - the facility is clean and staff are friendly and professional. I'll definitely come back here. My husband enjoyed it
as well and said it was better than the other places he's been to.",5.0
Everything was excellent today. Lady that did my massage did it extra hard to which i wanted without having to ask. Paid for the $39 and received the full 75 minutes. Will Be back soon.,5.0
Coupon doesn't work. Only Monday thru Wednesday. Water was cold and the service was too quick. Multiple people taking over the pedi.,3.0
"it's really no different from the regular ""my big fat greek restaurant"" other than you order from the counter. the food is just as good and the prices seemed the same- i'd rather go to the actual restaurant but for carryout, i enjoyed it",3.0
"Dr. Rao was amazing,  he listened patiently and my comfort wa ad his primary concern,  such a delightful pleasure,  I highly recommend him to anyone with fear like I had.",5.0
"Of the three Regals in Henderson, this is the lesser of the available options, but it gets the job done on $6 movie Tuesdays.

Built into a casino, like most other movie theaters in town, there's really nothing special or extraordinary about this location. The hotel is one of the older ones, so walking through to the theater guarantees the aroma of cigarettes on your clothes after you leave. The theater itself is clean, the employees friendly and the bathrooms had paper towels, which is more can I can say for GVR.

Overall, it's a decent option for a cheap movie.",3.0
"Since Dr. Nyamuswa and the other founding doctors left when Comprehensive Cancer bought them out, this place is a joke. I came and the doctor had the phlebotomist draw my blood after my visit with him and told her to give me my paper with results on it... He didn't even go over my results, and they were, of course abnormal. 
They are closing down this location in March. No wonder.",1.0
"I'm here almost everyday during my lunch breaks and it is pretty awesome. The traditional ""keep quiet, you're in a library"" has gone by the wayside at most libraries, but the Paseo Verde library created a reading space where quiet is mandatory. It also has floor to ceiling windows that overlooks the city. The only downside is the rundown furniture in there. As for books, they have a wide selection. Great library!",5.0
"I was very excited to go there based on all the pictures I saw on Instagram.  The minute my friends and I walked in (4 ppl), we were greeted by a hostness who was not very polite. Asking customers in front of you to wait while picking up the phone repeatedly during the 2 minute conversation.  In addition, the hostness was  talking to her friend about a personal problem, instead of taking our reservation. 

However, I was expecting better service when we were seated. We placed our order relatively quickly. Our appetizers were great (mango salad,meatballs, corn). To our disappointment the sangria pitcher which cost $55 was filled with 3/4 ice and probably the worse sangaria I have had. After waiting for nearly 30 mins, the server told us the kitchen is busy. We waited for 1 1/2 hour before cancelling our order and walking out. Our bill was $96 (24 pp) and we were starving.",1.0
"My boyfriend played in the TPC tournament. We decided to have dinner here. It was wonderful from start to finish. I had the prefixe which included seafood chowder, fresh salad, lobster & peanut butter tower. We also had a crab cake for an appetizer. HOLY. I consider myself a picky eater. I loved everything. Our waiter, Eric was beyond helpful. He was very personable and kind. My boyfriend had the halibut & crab claw. He was beyond pleased. We appreciated the GM asking about our experience. Overall, one of the best restaurant experiences in my 35 years. We don't get service like this in San Diego!",5.0
"I've had Sparklegina give me manicure and pedicures since 2008!

After moving to AZ in 2000, I've gone to one nail salon after another and another and another...!  Finally in 2008 I met up with an acquaintance in my community and saw how beautiful her hands looked - her manicured nails were impeccable!  (THAT'S WHAT I WANT! I said to myself).  Well, let me tell you....she is so good that it's hard to get a walk in appt.  But it's worth the wait!!!!  And since then I've had a standing appt with Sparklegina ever since :o)  I receive so, so, so many compliments on my nails...REALLY it's true.  

Sparklegina has been in the nail business for years, starting from sales to education in nail care; every year she and her colleagues travel to the annual nail show in Vegas to get the newest in nail care and trends for the coming seasons.

I'm away from AZ every yr for the entire month of July; and when I go away I've learned over the years that it's not worth another nail tech retouch my nails.  I wait 5 weeks (!) to have my nails done again; she's simply the best in my opinion.  No one else does it right.  She knows her stuff!!!

Did I say that she's a great therapist too!  LOL.....  yeah, I vent when I need to and she listens and sometimes her advice is worth taking.  But she's also my confidant, she doesn't gossip.

She's a great wife to her ""mi amor"" :o)  & mom to 3 wonderful adult boys!

You can't find anyone better... I hope my review helps anyone looking for a new manicurist (nail tech).

You can find her at Sugar Skull Salon in Cave Creek; she's the owner!!!!!",5.0
"We visited on a busy dinner night with 9 people and were lucky enough to have made reservations. The waiter was friendly and helpful. After we ordered it took awhile to receive our food, but time passes fast when chatting. Everyone seemed satisfied except for those who ordered Alfredo dishes, which they sent back to have more added. Overall it was a typical olive garden experience with no major problems. I would visit again.",4.0
"Nice hotel with ensuite rooms.  Everything was clean and staff was nice.  Didnt have breakfast cuz we got hammered the night before and missed it.  Pool was cool looking but i left my speedo in Cleveland.  Only thing I didnt dig here (and seemingly everywhere we went in Pitt) was that it was REDICULOUSLY hot and dry.  Windows only open an inch and that was barely enough to get fresh air and cool down.  Walls are kinda thin so if ya have a weird scene going on in your room, tell the clown to keep it down and make sure the sheep doesnt wake the holy rollers on a Jesus retreat in the room next door!!  Bahhhhhh",4.0
"Came here on a Friday night for happy hour and pre-theater dinner around 5:30pm. At that hour, it was quite empty. It started to fill up closer to 6 and 6:30pm. The experience was pleasant and the food was just OK, but nothing memorable or something to come back to.  Their website's menu does not reflect their current selections, which was disappointing as I was looking forward to having their Asian-Latin inspired/fusion sushi. They decided to only keep 2 of the 4 most popular rolls - both nigiri style.  

For starters, I had a Sunset Margarita, which was really tasty. They are still promoting the free sangria if you check in on Yelp, but I was having technical difficulties and decided to give up on playing with my cell phone in front of my guest, and ordered the $5 happy hour margarita - glad I did. This drink was probably the best thing that I ordered. We also had the kiwi-pineapple salmon ceviche for starters, which I recommend as well. The ceviche was very flavorful... I liked the tartness of the pineapple and kiwi w/ the sweetness of the salmon ceviche. There was a nice balance of cilantro that wasn't too overpowering either. They served about 2-3oz of it, with a handful of corn tortilla chips. It was an appetizer for one person, but it can be sharable between two friendly and non-ravenous dinner companions :-) 

We later grazed on the salmon/tuna nigiri ($12 for 8 pieces), chicken quesadilla ($5), chicken soft taco ($5), and chorizo soft taco ($5). In the end, we split the bill and with tax and tip, we ended up paying $26 for the entire meal, which looking back, is a good deal for the amount of food we got. I would recommend everything that we ordered; it's all a nice balance between spicy, sweet, tangy, and savory. Little bites, big drinks, and a bright, colorful environment. The atmosphere is very loud, so it is difficult to hear your conversation if you don't sit close to each other. The interior decorations were kind of cheezy, and the music playing reminded me of some generic Latin-American pop party/Jennifer Lopez Pandora station. The TVs were all showing the Golf Channel. Weird. 

Don't think I will be visiting again unfortunately, just because I'm not a tapas/small plate kind of girl :-) And, as I walked down Penn Ave, I saw other restaurants that I wish I had gone to instead. However, the place was pretty packed by the time we left (around 7pm) so it does seem like a dahntown staple for Pittsburghers.",3.0
"Had a great time at the opening of Rick Bronson's House of Comedy on 9/11. First, the place is gorgeous, it fits in perfectly with the upscale atmosphere you'll find on High Street in City North, making it the perfect addition to a date night or GNO. The bar area is beautifully lit and the bartender was extremely friendly and jovial - just what you'd expect from a bar in a comedy club. The interior is also gorgeous, it's dark and has nice lighting, including several large flatscreens behind the stage. The show was hilarious, Rick Bronson who was there for the opening did a great job of warming up the crowd, and we were literally crying we were laughing so hard when Tony Gaud and Harland Williams took the stage. My only criticism would be the table service - we ordered the hummus flatbread which was just sort of uninspired. It was a flatbread with some hummus, a few sprinkles of goat cheese and slices of radishes. The prices were about what you'd expect for this type of entertainment in this neighborhood, but we were a little surprised at the $17 drinks (double jack and cokes). Other than that we had an amazing time It and we definitely feel forgiving of any hiccups since it was opening night. I highly recommend trying it out, we will be back!",5.0
Ate there on a Sunday morning. Went with son and grandson (8). Waited about 10 minutes to be seated. Which is not too bad for a Sunday in Gilbert. The service was great food came very fast. Everything was good. The only food item that was not very good was the gravy on the biscuits and gravy. Nobody liked it. Everything else was very very good. I will be back again. But no biscuits and gravy for me. Hopefully next time though have a good white sausage based gravy. Not brown.,4.0
"I just got an email from Keriwa saying that as of October 13, 2012, they will be switching from  la carte meals to a tasting menu. I'm looking forward to eating there again once they make the switch.",5.0
"I love love love this place :) The decor is just amazing: modern, bright and instagram worthy. Lighting is just right for your obligatory pre-meal photos! The staff are quite literally the friendliest I've ever met; they were so helpful and energetic. 

Now onto the food, I noticed the price is a little steep for a student's budget, however I appreciate that the portion and quality of the food is worth the price tag. I personally could not finish my meal in one sitting; I had quite a bit of left over rice and noodles on the two occasions I've been there. The food is not what I'm used to - it's very healthy (lol my bad) compared to your typical Thai restaurant: no deep fried stuff, no heavy sauce. I definitely think the tangerine sauce could use some more flavour though (I did ask for extra sauce but it wasn't enough). The noodles are chilled and not my thing, but it's more of a personal preference. 

I enjoyed the hand crafted drink menu and have tried three out of four drinks. The pineapple rose soda is my favourite! Wish you guys had more sizes! The bottled drinks are amazing and it was definitely refreshing to have options other than the regular fast food Pepsi/Coke variety. I tried the White tea Blueberry bottle and loved it. 

I was a bit disappointed at the limited side selections - soup, summer rolls and salad. I was looking forward to try the Viet chicken salad I saw on your instagram but I guess you guys discontinued it! Anyway, there was no summer roll both times I visited, and hardly anything else to choose as a side (4 and 5pm). :( Hope there will be more options the next time I'm around in the area! Some desserts would be great too! (No parfait today either, and I had the last macaroons!)",4.0
"Two years ago I probably would have slapped myself for saying this, but Wednesday and Sunday are my favorites days because of my group fitness classes. Wednesday body pump with Nadine and Sunday kickboxing with Alison are what motivate me! 

Not only that, but it's well-kept, great selection of classes, and it's not an intimidating atmosphere if I venture outside of the women's gym. 

It's a manageable price for me and I get my money's worth!",5.0
"The new lady took chunks out of my girlfriends skin then I went in again another day, same lady was there. She literally came out of the place with 2 different eyebrows",1.0
Brisket and pulled pork was good. Great customer service. Cute BBQ spot. We will be back.,4.0
"I've been to all of the Dos Gringos locations in AZ, and all of them have the same problem: AWFUL service and garbage food. Otherwise, it's your typical obnoxious 20 somethings kinda bar that serves its purpose, to get drunks to hang out and order cheap bar food. God knows why or how this chain has lasted so long, it's really nothing that special and there are way better cantinas and mexican style dives to go to.

You can't expect too much from a little cantina that caters to 25 year old drunks, but you should expect a tiny bit of quality in service or at least edible food. The food is typical generic bar food that happens to have a few tomatoes and cheese passed off as mexican. The tacos are small and falling apart and are the same thing you'd find at a del taco, for 3 bucks more. The chicken wings are disgusting...DISGUSTING. Take a good wing, throw it on the street, let it get run over and dusty in the hot sun, then re-fry it and let it turn rock hard, and that's what dos gringos has for wings,  I kid you not. The absolute grossest and inedible bar food ever. If you come to this place you better only order hard alcohol, because the beer is gross and flat, I don't know how a bar can manage to screw up beer, but they sure did here. I never felt more cheated out of cash then when I spent it here on this stuff, I never ask for a refund, but if I did this would be the first time.

I used to get dragged here a lot years ago by drunk buddies, and honestly nothing has improved or changed since. When you arrive it will take at least 30 minutes to get a proper order going, the service is slow and ignorant of people. If you show up on a busy weekend night, you will wait forever, but the sad thing is if you show up on a slow night on a weeknight, you will still wait forever. The servers are all over the place, they don't seem to have sections or areas they just wander all over and pick people to wait on in no organized fashion. The last time I went here with people I had a server or bar-back whatever he was take a drink order and an ice water, after waiting 15 minutes, (and the bar was only like 50 feet away) he brings me my beer and a flat water in a tiny plastic cup and gives the party of young girls next to us tall plastic glasses with tons of ice and smiles. I guess he figured I wasn't a single 21 year old girl so I didn't matter. After that he vanished and 10 minutes later I got a girl server who was okay and made things fast enough. No complaints with her, she did her job, I just wish she showed up first and not the dude who already left a bad impression. He was some arrogant british dude with the puffed out chest attitude, he flirted with all the tables full of girls but could not give a c-r-a-p about anyone else, especially us guys.  I hate arrogant servers, bars or not, get your head out of your butt and grow up, cause guess what pal? good service=tips, bad service=no tips. Any good server knows that if you want to do well, you show a good attitude and be nice, don't treat people like they are lowly little peasants there to stare at the miracle that is you. FAIL. If that's your kind of attitude go work for abercrombie and fitch in a mall in scottsdale seriously.

What can you say? It's a dive bar for the young drunk people of chandler and scottsdale to hang out in, that's really all there is to it. It's a place your drunk buddies drag you to. If getting wasted on tequila or corona is your thing, then this place works, otherwise it's a hot, crumby little dive with nothing else around it and you'd be smart to go elsewhere like mill ave or downtown phoenix.

I'm a fair reviewer too, I don't give low grades for nothing...the service was slow, I sat around texting and waiting too long, I waited a total of 25 minutes to get 1 beer and an ice water, it took 2 servers to make that happen for my group, the food was absolutely stale, and that's it. I'm really surprised to see the 4 and 5 star reviews, these people must have written them while drunk, its the only way DG can get a 5 star.

I will never be dragged here or come here again, the last time was the last straw of many past straws. Yuck dude.",1.0
Used to be a 5 but quality has definitely suffered over the last 10 years and owner changes. Don't think we'll hurry back anytime soon.,3.0
"Went with a couple of friends for a happy hour cum birthday drinks celebrations. Loved the outdoor seating in the patio which was very comfortable. The heaters could get a little too warm (but maybe thats just me!). 
We had a couple of appetisers. The crab dip is very good as are the shrimp canapes. The devilled eggs were ok. 
for dinner we had the voodoo chicken everyone is raving about below. It wasnt bad but it wasnt amazing, it tasted like regular chicken penne  . Will try something else the next time ..which does mean that I will go next time. Our waitress was also very friendly and attentive. 
Dinner, appetisers and drinks for 4 of us came to arund $20 (without tip) so not bad for the upscale Scottsdale location where this is located. 
The complex where this is located also looks very inviting and may try a couple of other places there as well.",4.0
"I'm not sure if they changed their menu and the way they prepare their food, as the last time I went in Sept 2012, their hot dogs were on those rollers, reminiscent of a 7/11 convenience store.

Back in the day my previous trips, they had a quality hot dog that was butterfly cut down the middle and then grilled to a crispy perfection in a nice fresh bun.  I always skipped the pickle or had it put way off on the side so the pickle juice didn't get on the bun.  I'm not sure if that still exists or was replaced...  If it was replaced, they should put the hot dog on rollers in the back kitchen, 'cuz it's kinda a turn off...",3.0
"Best service  yet! Came here for a ""basic"" car wash and fell in love with the place! FREE Wifi and (2) computers, video games for kids (no charge) FREE fresh popcorn, plenty of clean-comfy couches and (5) flatscreen TV's too! Not to mention, it's VERY clean inside.  Car washes are quick and they a GREAT job! Let them know you're a Yelper and you get 1 month FREE of unlimited car washes.  I just resigned for my second month - $29.99 ulimited washes for a month - In the area STOP BY - Best/quickest car wash ever!",5.0
"I've loved this place since I was a kid. Most dishes somehow incorporate the jungle theme. Breakfast is my favorite -- there's always a lot of fruit! Portions are huge, so come hungry!",4.0
"Yes, the crepes are awesome.  But I think what's also nice about this buffet is the size and ambiance.  It's quaint, smaller than the other buffets on the list (Buffet of buffets) but the wait staff are friendly and while being smaller may not necessarily be a good thing during rush hour, wife and I came for brunch and were satisfied with the overall quality, an important distinction considering all of the dining choices people have on the strip.",4.0
Awful service. Workers could barely speak English and I had to repeat my order at least 5 times until they understood me and it took two people to take my order. It cost me $18 for two small sandwich combos. I will not be going back.,2.0
"I wanted some good sushi on a Friday night, and didn't get it. Hibachi was good. And the ceramic cup was exciting",2.0
"I was trying to move my Mother from California to Scottsdale without difficulty and still be close to my home in Scottsdale.  After touring this facility it was easy to see that we needed to do more research.  Staff administrators showed attitude instead of interest, indifference instead of encouragement with unproven postulates.  The rooms (for Scottsdale) were tacky, cheaply designed and furnished.  We moved on to Chandler - Horizon Bay - which, though further for us to visit, a much more luxurious and comfortable, pet friendly haven for Mom.  Would recommend further investigation before ""settling"" for less because it is close!!!",1.0
Great chicken fried rice red sauce hella bomb if you like spicy use with caution first one cup then add another if you need more heat!! Come here to eat once a week or so and food is always on point customer service is always on point and the owner and the team is always on point can't go wrong here and the prices are more than fair for the quality and quantity of food thanks guys,5.0
"We had lunch and drinks this afternoon and lounged in the sun.
Service was wonderful.
Food was delicious.
Drinks were super.
And we relaxed for hours.
Beautiful atmosphere and water was always full to help with the sunlight - which we adore. 
Bravo !",5.0
"Great place to hang out on a random day of the week when there are no bands in town because it isn't a Friday or Saturday.  This restaurant has a lounge area which had a band on a Tuesday night and was fabulous to dance to.  I have gone twice and had a great experience both times but not necessarily because of the food.  I love the sustainably farmed salmon although I say it could have been improved with some amazing sauces and sides.  The problem with dishes that are not composed as is the case with the dishes here is when you pick your sides they don't necessarily pair well with the main entree.  My suggestion would be to carry a couple of dishes which are composed dishes and let them sing together in food harmony.  The second time I went I ordered the NY with horseradish cream sauce and devoured the entire steak.  Super YUM!!  Their wine list is vast which is good but at the same time, it leaves their servers with this huge amount of knowledge they will never be able to know.  They carry an amazing Arizona wine called ""Sand Reckoner"" but our server didn't know anything about it.  This is unfortunate because they could be selling local wines and especially when they are this good!!  When you get bored with the band upstairs, go down to the cigar lounge and enjoy a good solo singer who makes you want to get up and dance on the random day!  Enjoy a good cigar and a nice cordial.  Day finished sweetly.",4.0
"Only the atmosphere kept me from giving this a one star.  We got there and weren't seated until 8:15 for our 8:00 res.  At first 3 different people came to our table and took our wine water and food orders.  Then when I got my soup they didn't bring me a spoon.  So I sat there for almost 20 minutes staring at my bisque before the waiter came to ask me how it was.  It was cold by the time I finally got a spoon.  Then, it was 30 min later we were ready to walk out because they had not dropped of our entre yet and nobody had checked in with us.  Finally the steaks came and they were barely average.  Not worth the money.  This place is on the 15th floor and the view from our private booth was great but everything else was pretty bad.  Not recommended.  Such a shame because the setting is very nice.",2.0
"Stopped by Zocalo and was able to snag a seat outside- perfect for people watching on East 4th! They have an awesome selection of margaritas here. We ordered the Grande Sangriarita (32 oz margarita topped with sangria) and although it tasted delicious it was not very strong. For the entree I ordered a combo platter with a burrito and enchilada that comes with rice and beans. The food was pretty good but nothing outstanding. Good portions for a decent price though.
Ambiance was great- fancy enough for a date but casual enough if you are just going out with friends. 
Overall a good place to try out especially if it's nice out and you can get a seat outside, but I will likely go down the street to Barrio if I'm craving real good mexican food.",3.0
"Local neighborhood bar, easily accessible from the 51.  I love the karaoke and the crowd.  They are cheap, quick and friendly....everything I look for in a bar.

Bartender was awesome in dealing with a drunk patron....I would have beat his #*$( for what he was saying but she was smooth.",4.0
"This is a very run-of-the-mill American Chinese restaurant.  It is not at all authentic.  The food is average in every way.  I haven't had anything truly bad here, nor have I had anything that was really all that good either.

The best aspect of this restaurant is the atmosphere; relative to the low price, you can sit down in peace and quiet in a relatively spacious, well-decorated environment.  The place looks small from the outside but has additional downstairs seating.  The prices are lower than what you would expect from a decent sit-down place like this.",3.0
"Convenient between Palazzo and Venetian at this part of the Strip. Good place to stock up on drinks and snacks for the room.

Only can get $20 in cashback! Boo!",4.0
I love this place. Joshua and Steph are extremely helpful and will pretty much do what they can to give you what you need. Give them both raises.,5.0
Food was not worth the price.   Overcooked brisket that was too tough to chew.  No beverage unless from a bottle.  Employee stated fountain service broken and she had to manually add ice.  No idea what that meant.   Restaurant itself needs cleaning.   Recommend you don't waste your time or money.,1.0
I love this place! I'm all about the kale and quinoa salad and the lobster bisque and mushroom bisque soups! Yum! Sometimes the line can get a little on the long side and yes... sometimes they don't put extra dressing in there when I ask them to ha but the food makes up for it I think.,5.0
I think it's perfect to just come in and do your routine and go. They do need to come in an update their computers.,4.0
"So I love this place because they have reclining seats. However today, it seems like NO ONE was cleaning or taking out the trash. Every single trash can was overflowing. Popcorn all over the floor. Ladies bathroom was disgusting. I won't provide photos of that. Very disappointed.",2.0
Super dead especially for being 12pm / lunch. Only thing on the belt we're California Rolls and Spicy Tuna. Not fresh rather warm. I had one roll and left hungry because I was so grossed out and worried about the food safety. Would not recommend.,2.0
"So, imagine this: Chef Lynn Crawford has invited you over for dinner. And she has crafted a menu just for the evening. Paying homage to fresh, local ingredients, a four-course culinary feast is being whipped up in the back kitchen. For you. Served family-styles, in heavy, red casserole dishes, think home cooking at its best. Yes, help yourself. And be generous...there's enough for everybody ;)

Overwhelming consensus. Exceptionally good food. Matched by equally impressive service. Rarely will I comment, unless it was abominable or outstanding...and it was wonderful. Ever walk in a restaurant to encounter that refined-perky-nose-in-air judgement? The worst. Not the case with Ruby.

Our hostess was charming, and our server was lovely and attentive...didn't miss a detail...and if a crumb was left behind, discreetly taken care of by co-owner Joey Skeir seconds later. Atmosphere? Engaging, charged and lively. We had a bloody great time. Best experience in a while.

Our menu for the eve:

ONTARIO ASPARAGUS & HARICOT VERT PANZELLA SALAD
Heirloom Tomatoes, Halloumi Cheese Croutons, Creemore Radishes, Rose Bella Cerignola Olive Vinaigrette

{we were fighting over those croutons)

GREY WEST PREMIUM TRI-TIP STEAK WITH GREEN GARLIC BUTTER
Button Mushroom & Boston Lettuce with Blue Cheese Dressing, Smashed Thompson Farm's Yukon Gold Potatoes, Darling Honey Glazed Carrots

{um. steak. medium-rare. good. that's all.
reduced to one word sentences good.
blue cheese. not a fan...still not a fan. and salad was salt-y. pourquoi? je ne sais pas.
best smashed potatoes you'll ever taste. true story.}

GLENGARRY FINE CHEESE'S BIG BROTHER
Spiced Mixed Nuts & Homemade Orange Marmalade

{who loves cheese? we do! forget the nuts & marma. vino was perfect with it}

RUBY'S CHOCOLATE CHIP SLIDERS
Ed's Real Scoop Stracciatella Gelato

{ok. our only disappointment. not rave-worthy.  expected a warm, gooey mess. minutes out of oven mess. we got hard la-gourmand-style-cookie-muffins that just confused us. we couldn't break into it. do we pick it up? eat it with our hands? throw it back in the oven? what to do?!}

FYI: The menu changes every night, every week. If you're an obsessive planner - or simply curious - you'll be able to see the week's menu on their site. Other option: opt in & get daily menu e-mails. My personal choice of food porn, every morning.

The vibe in the back is slightly different from the front; a little closer to the heart of the action. Plus, all the better to admire the Ruby Watch Co. sign, which is by far, the most arresting fixture in the restaurant. That, or Chef Lynn, herself.

So if she's inviting you over for dinner, you can't turn her down. Nor, would you want to ;)",4.0
"When I'm told about a movie that is amazing, friends tell me about that same movie that completely changed their lives, there is media hype, I build up a certain expectation for my own experience.  More often than not, it falls far short. 

Ruby Watch Co. I have lived in Leslieville for a couple of years, and the name has come up more than a couple of times. For whatever reason, I have not had the pleasure of dining in this establishment until now. Tonight was the night.

Being completely hopeless with directions, my dining companion and I were relying heavily on the map on my iphone. Even though I'm quite familiar with the area, I just could not visualize where it was. The little pin was totally not where Ruby actually was! There is only so many times that one can walk past Jilly's without feeling somewhat...odd. 

Needless to say, we regained our bearings, and strolled in to meet our friends exactly on time for our reservation.  It was only 6:30 and the place was fairly humming with happy patrons. Our waiter greeted us in a timely fashion, giving us time to take off our jackets and say our hellos. 

The best thing about the prix fixe menu is the only thing you have to think about is what you are drinking. I had my standard vodka soda, which I have to say was served in a lovely shaped glass.  I felt a little rushed with the wine that we ordered with our meal, but I attribute it to the attentiveness of our server. (I was, after all, a little behind in drinking my pre-dinner cocktail).  I chose the wine based on the suggestion of pairing on the main.
The (red) wine had subtle fruity undertones with a smoky punch. I wish I could remember the name.  

Our first course was a wedge of iceberg lettuce with egg, delightfully sliced radish, thickly cut bacon (I'm sure they called it something else), oven kissed tomato with one thousand and one island dressing. The extra island was for the chili heat that they added to the dressing. Refreshing, delicious, certainly got me salivating. 

They also served chive and cheddar biscuits with the salad. They were still warm, broke apart perfectly in half, and were absolutely amazing. I could have eaten 17 of them. I probably will be dreaming about them tonight. 

The servers swooped in and cleared our (licked clean) plates in the most unobtrusive manner. Our glasses were carefully monitored and topped when needed. 

The main arrived. I'm ten years past the acronym generation but OMG. We had black kale (described on the menu as winter greens with creamed brown butter sauce, butternut squash with pumpkin seed pesto, smashed potato with shallots and blue cheese, and....beef flank, seared to perfection, with this wonderful smoky flavour that wasn't overbearing. It showcased the flavour of the beef. Seriously, it made my toes curl. The only thing that I could find wrong with this meal was that the meat was a little cold. Sadness. Very difficult to control though, as the room had a little bit of a cold breeze, and the meat was obviously intended to be served a certain way.  Our server dropped in and made sure that everyone got some of the delicious jus on their plate. 

Third Course; in preparation for the dessert, we received some sort of mild and sweet cheese (I didn't remember the name of the wine, I'm certainly not going to remember the name of the cheese after all that diligent glass topping). Along with the cheese, lightly toasted bread and fruity chutney rounded out the plate. 

Our friend (the birthday girl, the reason we went out) happened to not care for chocolate cake, which was being served as the dessert.  Our server accommodated her eagerly, and gave her a beautifully poached pear with cranberry and a sparkler. He even snapped a picture with his blackberry, handed it to me, and told me to email it to myself and my friends! The chocolate ganache was to die for.  

My only other complaint of the night was when I ordered an espresso, and they didn't have any Sambuca to go with it. The espresso was quite good. 

The place was tastefully decorated and down to earth, eclectic yet homely. Even in the washroom, the toilet paper rolled on a ""pipe"" that was crafted to appear as though it was some plumbing that went awry. Awesome!

All in all, a great night. Lynn Crawford was busy helping cleaning tables to turn them as we left, which is quite admirable!! Nice guys/gals don't always finish last!  I am delighted to be surprised that Ruby Watch Co. lived up to all of the hype and then some.",4.0
"great customer service!! everyone is polite and they never keep you waiting!! they fixed my tpms (tire pressure msnagement system) for free!!

thanks guys!!",5.0
"2.5/5, +.5 for service

Mo'Ramyun used to be called McRamyun before, you guessed it, McDonald's complained about their name and they had to change it to Mo'Ramyun. Either way, it's a Korean fusion restaurant in Baldwin Village with your typical Korean staples and snacks.

I arrived here for lunch recently as I've been past this place a couple of times and it intrigued me a bit. I've always liked ramyun, except the fact I dislike the spiciness that comes with it. Looking at the menu beforehand, there were some ramyun items that interested me which weren't spicy at all, so I decided to give this place a try.

I had the Don-Gol Ramyun, which was supposedly a thick pork/chicken broth with garlic, pork belly, and pickled radish. The garlic came separate, which is nice if you're not someone who likes a lot of garlic in their soups. For $10.95, however, I expected a little bit more from what I got. The pork belly was decent and the ramyun was average (felt more like instant noodles though), but the broth was not thick at all and a bit on the salty side. I can understand pork bones being a bit on the salty edge, but that was way too salty for my liking.

For what it's worth, service was excellent and the workers really do try to make you feel welcome. I might consider trying other items, but given the options around the area this will not be my first choice to revisit.",3.0
"I am a Peruvian fan, and was very excited to see a new one open up, close to me. I am a Pio Pio fan, but what a treat Viva Chicken was. The service, extraordinary. At the counter, the server greeted me w/ a smile, asked if it was 1st visit.  Indeed it was and she was great, explaining everything and making recommendations based on what I liked. I received my number and was served w/in a few minutes. The waitress explained the sauces that accompanied my chicken and pointed out which went best w/ each dish. The rice and beans were amazing! A great new edition to the city, I will be back!",4.0
This has to be the best and most friendliest tire shop ever. We also visited their sister store in California and had the same results. We highly recommend this store and chain.,5.0
This is local to where we live and my partner and I have very much appreciated the gluten free white fish saute. This is a passable dish and I appreciate that it is gluten free. The white rice is really well made. I've had some sushi here but it has not worked for me physically. Not sure why.,3.0
"This place is wonderful! The salsa is crazy addicting, the service is fast and efficient, and their margaritas are tasty. I have never left hungry or dissatisfied.",5.0
"Cool place to grab a drink if your staying at the Luxorl or waiting to get into LAX nightclub. Open & airy, dark romantic vibe going on, and they have video poker at the bar.
Tip- you get free drinks if you'r playing at the bar! hallah! 
Tip- try the Vodka tonic w/ lime",4.0
"This place is like a little heaven for those who are into DIY/crafting. It has a good assortment of different types of papers for invitations or gift wrapping. It has seal stamps, calendars, stickers, temporary tattoos, some novelty items and the list goes on! The only down side (which is not really a downside to be honest) is the price, due to the uniqueness of some of these items, they can be quite pricey.",4.0
"Park always seems to be empty whenever we've gone, and we've gone at all different times.  It's fun when there are horses in the field next to the park; my dogs are fascinated.  People are always nice, and of course the dogs are, too.  Park is fairly big, but I like Chandler's Shawnee better, because it's bigger, hilly, and there's more shade.  

As a person with no kids, I'm fine with Chandler's ""no children under 12 allowed"" rule.  It's for the dogs, not the kids.  Plus, I don't want your kid running into my dog's teeth.  Ask me again in a few years when I have kids myself, though. . .",3.0
"We decided to order delivery (which was free because we're in the next building over) one rainy day and enjoyed two paninis with fries. The fries were really good but were very greasy. I got the goat cheese and red pepper one which was surprisingly heavy on the goat cheese. Most places skimp but this was just a bit too far on the other side.

Definitely glad I gave them another chance. Yet to retry their pastries or coffee but our area totally needs a good lunch/takeout spot and I think this is a good fit! Looking forward to enjoying a drink on their patio (another thing the neighbourhood needed).",4.0
"We wanted something fast in Vegas to eat before our show....so we decided to stop here. There were 11 of us and I personally wasn't a big fan of my meal...I had a chicken burrito..it was just blah...needed more flavor. I did like the queso...good queso!!

A couple of us got the maragaritas and they were fresh and great!!",3.0
"Hands down the best dentist I've ever had.  The ladies here are so welcoming and even on my frist visit they made me feel really comfortable. Dr. Chung is so thorough with her work and will go over everything with you. Sonia and Tiffany are great as well. They are very professional and I feel like Ive been going to see them for a long time. Go see them, you won't regret it!",5.0
IT has everything you would like at superstore. Compared to longos and the rest it has a higher end feel to it.,5.0
"They allow customers to smoke inside the restaurant. So no matter how the food taste, I won't come again and I won't recommend it to anybody (unless you are a smoker and would like to smoke indoor).",1.0
"Ok so this probably not going to be one of my standard long winded reviews. Probably because there's really not much to it. Really to the point I only remembered what I had. 
I came here with my family one Sunday afternoon during thanksgiving weekend. 
They offer all day breakfast but there's some hamburgers on there for those non breaky type. 
Standard I ordered eggs Benny (someone wise told me you can screw up eggs Benny. I just didn't think at an all day breakfast joint could)
Soft poached egg ended up...well...was what Gordon Ramsey would yell at someone for. The hollandaise sauce was alright, maybe just a tad too thick but taste was ok. I think the saving grace was the home fries. Those were totally cooked though. Nice and soft in the middle yet the outside had a very slight crunch but not burnt or dry. 
Service wise, our waitress was slightly forgetful. Like she would sometimes forget we were there.",1.0
"Great little store - such a great vibe - almost transformative when you walk in from the city's hustle and bustle. 

This is a great place to really get in the zone if you need to focus on something, or simply disconnect for a bit.",4.0
"1. I picked up a mini box which they said services would not go up. Went up by $25. / month
2. I had high speed internet which never went over 15mbps. I was getting charged but never received it. The COX woman said I have old equipment (which was theirs) and it wont work with that. No one ever told me I needed new equipment
3. Said I went over my allotted data usage which I monitor ever month so I know I did not. That month my bill jumped from $90  to $200. 
4. They add fake charges and most people just pay it. The woman changed her tune when I told her that I intended on  filing a class action law suit for price gouging  their customers. 
Any else interested? message me!",1.0
"You may choose your landscaping materials from anyone the products are common, but how do you choose who you buy from.  Well I suggest you choose a company who when they make a mistake they own up to it. Not parse their words and expect you to go to court to make them honor what you believe is their mistake.  So if a rock hits your windshield or they drop off a load of material and say well if this is that then it is not our problem.  Pioneers mistakes do not seem to be their problem they are yours when you come in contact with them.",1.0
"Wow what a range of doughnuts! The variety is like nothing you get in Australia!

We ended up getting a half dozen variety. I had the cookies & cream doughnut. It was delicious! Looking forward to sampling a couple of others varieties. The store has friendly customer service staff too :) 

Side note:  I've never see a doughnut store that's open 24hrs! Only in America right ;)",5.0
"Love this place! I've been here multiple times and I've never been disappointed. I got catering from them today and they were prompt, the food was piping hot and delicious as always! I think I converted my entire office to making Mission BBQ their go-to BBQ stop. Get the moist brisket and mac and cheese!!",5.0
"I stayed at the Hard Rock Resort & Casino for 5 nights and this place was a regular stop during our day! The food is not to authentic but DELICIOUS!  I will agree with previous yelpers that the service was decent.  Every one of our servers was very nice, and made adjustments when necessary. 

Some things to note:

-plenty of seating
-seated us fast every time
-our food was delivered fast
-bathrooms are right across from the restaurant
-ask for water ASAP because it takes forever otherwise!",3.0
"Make there own beer which I like but the place had a sort of stale ""hamster chip"" kinda' smell. The food was pretty tasty, I would go back again.",3.0
"I got into the tower after eating at the 360 restaurant. The tower was nice. It was dark so we couldn't see the lake or anything but the view of the city was incredible. Because it was dark outside, you could tell that the glass floor needs a good deep cleaning. It was still a scary feeling standing on that thing. 

Someone said it costs $30 to go up the tower if you don't go to the restaurant. I don't think I would pay $30 to go up but still a good view.",5.0
"Finally, the real deal!

I met the owner and Chef, she's a sweetheart and a very good cook! The place was filled with Asians, which is a GOOD THING. If the people of it's own ethnicity are eating there, than you know it's a good staple of Korean Cuisine. 

There's plenty of room to sit, and they start you off with KIM CHI, Cucumbers, and Boiled Peanuts for appetizers. Nice veggies to wet the palate. I had the Combo dish, which was outstanding!! Teriyaki Chicken, grilled Short Rib, and an Egg fried Steak over white rice served with the perfect Hawaiian Guava Passion fruit juice drink. 

I tried my wife's dish which was the Spicy Pork with white rice. FIRE!! ABSOLUTE FIRE! Perfectly tender pork loin smothered in a spicy/sweet sauce. I tell ya, the taste of that had me smiling. 

Customer service is VERY GOOD! They are all very helpful and fast, so please be ready to order!

I had made this rating a 4, and changed it to a 5. Because now that I'm writing this review, I want some more good food and good service.

Nice work guys!!",5.0
"Let me start by saying different restaurants cater to different taste, and Pho Do Thi being a Vietnamese restaurant does not cater to the traditional Vietnamese Palette. I ordered the grilled chicken Com Tam which was actually not grilled by deep fried and the rice was regular full grain jasmine rice and not the proper broken rice as per the namesake of the dish. The Dish lacked any flavour and I could only imagine eating something of this quality if it was 1 AM and I was seriously intoxicated. We also ordered the Pho Dac Biet the staple of any authentic Vietnamese establishment. A Pho broth should have complex flavours/aromas and be full bodied resulting from a days worth of bone marrow simmering in a pot. The Pho here tasted like Sugar water and MSG equivalent to that of an MAMA instant noodle bag - so set your expectations accordingly.

Looking around I saw mostly Non Asian patrons which is fine but this is a clear sign Pho Do Thi  does not cater to the traditional Vietnamese flavors and is more akin to a Manchu Wok dining experience of Westernized Low quality Vietnamese food. Please do not eat this and call it Vietnamese food...",2.0
"Rude Asian woman runs this franchise. Extremely unpleasant experience - would not go back to this particular location. On the bright side, the seasonal German Chocolate Cake is back and it is tasty!",1.0
"This location is a new addition to the neighbourhood.  I have to say I was pretty excited when I saw that they were opening up.  Definitely a welcome addition to Leslieville.

The pizza is pretty standard and on par with all the other Pizzaiolo locations I have eaten at.  

They have a really good walk-in special for a 2 topping XL pizza for $18.  The nice thing is that it's actually a true extra large and you get a TON of 'zza for your money.  Took about 20 minutes for my walk-in order to prepared and the end result was very tasty.

They're good competition for the average (at best) Pizza Pizza down the street.  I only wish they had a deep dish offering.",4.0
"I used to come here all the time with my mom but I stopped going because I couldn't stand the atmosphere or how terrible my nails were looking. It got to the point that I would only go there because it was closest nail salon to me and I just wanted to get in and get out. They clearly cared more about your money than doing quality work. They never listened to my requests, if it was something they didn't like personally they would try and talk me out of it. I was never impressed with their acrylic nails, in fact, whenever I said I wanted almond nails Lynn tried to talk me out of it because ""she didn't like doing them"" and she would say they weren't cute and her husband would rush and make them too thin, then when they broke and I came to get it fixed he would blame it on me. Lynn would always tease me about the color nail polish I picked out, she would always try to make me get a pedicure even after I said to stop asking. When appointments were made, she would take walk-ins before us because she didn't want to lose money obviously by having people walk out, once we waited almost an hour even though we had an appointment. Very shady atmosphere and I wouldn't waste your time or money honestly. All they do is up-sell you, lie, make you feel stupid, they're pushy, and they do lousy nails.",1.0
"We went on a Sunday. The place was fairly busy when we arrived and completely full by the time we got our food. Ordered the fried zucchini with marinara and a large The Work pizza. The zucchini was good, the chucks of tomato in the sauce were cold. The pizza was undercooked and tasted like it. We saw other pizzas come out to tables looking fully cooked and a darker golden brown than ours. Didn't even bother to take the leftovers home. Very disappointing.",1.0
"I love this veterinary clinic.  I bring my precious cat here for toenail clilppings and unlike another clinic in the area (see my other review to find out who) they allow me to go in with my cat while the technician clips her nails. I hold her and reassure her while the tech clips her nails. This is the way a vet clinic should operate.   Don't go to other clinics, where they make you wait in the waiting room while they do it behind closed doors. This is your pet, take responsibility and be there to comfort and reassure your precious pet.
Thank you Birkdale Animal Hospital. I'll be a customer for life!",5.0
"Over a week we visited d&b three times (mon, wed, & sat) while we stayed at the Marriott resort down the street. Kids (9 and 11) loved it as we only visit once every 2 months normally. Place was bigger than the ones we have visited on the east coast, though this is due to more dining spaces, special party rooms, platinum bar, patio dining.  Games were about the same. Except half price Wednesday,  the crowd was about the same. One thing, the ticket redemption center had fewer prizes, less variety and poorer quality than othrr d&b sites.  Had a beer and a couple of sodas, while we dined at many of the restaurants located in the square around d&b, like smashburger, nori sushi, slices pizza and coldstone creamery, which all offered better food.",3.0
"BEWARE!!! They offered me for a wash a 30 day express wash for free for 30 days. The attendant never mentioned it was a contract and that after a period of time they were going to start billing my account. They started billing not only my card but my wifes card without my consent. The free 30 days never worked I tried twice but when I pulled up it would read my sticker. 

Please beware i went to try to get a refund and the employee told me I was not going to get my money back. I own a car dealer and was taking at least 10 cars a week. Will never come back to this business again. Bunch of scammers, if you want to keep customers don't lien to them.",1.0
"Decided to try something other than sushi combo for lunch today.

I was thinking of getting the spicy korean beef noodles, but my buddy ordered that - can't order the same thing...so I was looking at the chicken katsu noticed it came with rice, or, in the Don Katsu Bowl (or something like that).  That was chicken katsu with a basted egg on top of it, with onions and rice.  That was a nice way to dress up chicken katsu!

Ended up liking that better - will have to come back and try some more of the other-than-sushi dishes.",4.0
"I absolutely love Chef on the Road.  I typically get his meals once a week, unless he has multiple of my favorites in the same week.  I High recommend the baked ziti with garlic bread, grilled chicken and pasta with creamy pesto and Parmesan, as well as the chicken salad on croissant.  Those are my favorites, but I honestly have not had a bad meal from him!  There are also several options.  There are hot meals, salads, sandwich and soup combinations, etc.  The menu is posted so you can look and plan ahead also!",5.0
"I really want to like this place since this area needs more coffee shops. First, the layout is a bit odd, you order from one side of the room and then have to walk across to pick it up. I find that is where communication issues may arise, although they're just newly opened when I came so maybe they've sort out this kink since. My boyfriend ordered an Americano with a request for less water, and they didn't really know how to input it; the only other way would be to yell it across the room I guess? I had a cappuccino which came out way too hot. The flavour was okay at best, but I couldn't really taste the espresso. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.",2.0
"Ordered the deal to get an appetizer, pho, and drink for $15. The appetizer came out cold. It was a fried shrimp appetizer and wasn't very good. Pho came out luke warm. I was with 5 other people and all of our pho came out luke warm. We asked that it be warmed up and it still wasn't very hot. Don't eat here.",1.0
"The Overlook Grill is located on level 4 of the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the Las Vegas strip. It's location is fine - next to the pool areas but not so close that you would be bothered by anything happening there.

I ordered a cheesesteak panini which was surprisingly decent. Not the best cheesesteak sandwich I ever had, but certainly above average for this sort of thing.

Price was $18. Not worth that amount of money, but we *are* on the strip, and everything is expensive here so I don't know how much weight I should give to the pricing structure. 

The only thing I would complain about is that it seemed like they took awhile (30 minutes) to get my food out, which was just the sandwich with fries, but then again, everything is supposed to be fresh and cooked to order so maybe this isn't a big deal.

Bottom line: if you are looking for a laid-back lunch and you are in the Cosmopolitan/Bellagio area, give them a shot.",3.0
"This restaurant has deceivingly beautiful decor. Looks like a nice restaurant, comparable to The Keg, but the cheap prices of their food matches the quality. I got their shrimp scampi jn lobster sauce and it literally was like a frozen dinner meal. I've had lean cuisine meals that were better quality. Fine service but the food leaves a ton to be desired.",2.0
"Fantastic Tex-Mex joint.  The Pechuga Rellena & Beef Brisket are both fantastic options.  Multiple drink options.  Service is A+...every time we have been, we have not waited more than a couple of minutes before one of the staff offers us a refill of chips & salsa.  Excellent options on the kids menu also.",5.0
"Gary Mamiya is awesome. He helped my father out with getting a Honda Fit. Gary even picked my car-less Dad up! Talk about excellent customer service. Gary was straight forward and gave us a great deal on the car. No upselling nitrogen tires/lojack/vin etching like other dealerships.

Highly recommended! If you're looking for a Honda in Vegas, go talk to Gary.",5.0
"Wanted to stop in and try this place as I heard it was locally owned. Stopped in with the kids and was immediately greeted by friendly staff. The gentleman that took our order was patient and helped us order. The food was great and extremely reasonably priced for what we got. Will definitely be coming back, must support hard working business owners.",5.0
"I would just like to say that there really are GREAT people in this world!  I got a call from Cam at Home Depot this morning telling me my wallet had been found.  I had not even realized it was gone.  Went to pick it up and everything was there...I had over $200 in cash plus all the other ID's you carry.  Cam said it was found in a basket, so not sure if this was an employee or a customer.  So God is Good and so are the people of this world!",5.0
"I really wanted to give this place a good review, but our experience wasn't the best. The two stars are for the food, but service was horrible. 

Keep in mind: 
- Tables of 6 and over cannot split the bill, and a 17% gratuity is added.
- This place is super popular, but medium sized. If you come at peak hours (7PM) there will be crowding and quite a long wait. You might have to wait on the stairs. 
- Try to call earlier in the day to reserve a table, especially if you're in a big group! 

Service: Made a reservation for 7PM. When we arrived, we were told we would've seated in a few minutes as they were setting up our table. 20 minutes pass, and we ask for a status update, in which the hostess apologized and said it wouldn't be too much later. At 7:40, we were seated. After another half hour, a waiter came to take our orders. Another 40 minutes later, our food arrived. It took almost an hour and a half for us to finally get our food, which really dampened the mood as my group had been waiting all day to eat at this place! My experience was almost identical a previous Yelper's review of the service. Two tables beside us were seated, served, and left before we had finished our meals. The waiter ignored us and didn't check up on us at all, or come over to take our order! We had to flag him down every time!! We were really put off by the 17% gratuity because it was not deserved at all but paid anyway as it was getting so late and we needed to catch our trains home. 

Food: The dishes were great, and I wish we didn't have to wait so long to finally get our meals. I ordered the chicken Pad Thai with mild spice, and it was absolutely delicious. I also ordered a thai tea, which was the perfect mix of sweet and creamy. The calamari was delicious, and my friend's curried noodle soup was beautiful - a balanced blend of spice and creaminess. 

Tldr: service was so slow (1.5 hr wait until we got our food), waiter ignored us, but the food was fantastic!",2.0
"I paid for a groupon to have my car re tinted at Capital Tint yesterday.

I'd like to say that the process from start to finish was awesome.  I called and made my appointment with David, after bringing in the car, Nato came out and looked at my current tint which had faded purple.

He let me know that there would be a charge to remove the tint (took about 3 hour for removal as it was 10+ year old tint and the back window came off in pieces).  He then walked me through all the different options of tint and I decided to go for an upgraded version due to the warranty. 

I will say the whole process didn't feel salesy at all. I felt like I got a genuine recommendation on the best option and the price was extremely fair for the work their team had to go through to remove the old and put on the new.

I also got to see them put on some of the new tint and the techs were extremely careful as to not get close to the paint with any tools and I could tell that they took pride in their work.

Specifically I saw one of the techs switch his tool belt from one side of his waist to the other as he went to the opposite side of the car so that there would be no chance of a tool coming into contact with my car.

Overall the process took about 5 hours but I was happy to wait because I felt the quality of work was top notch.

Nice job fellas, i'll be back.

p.s. the waiting room couches are pretty comfortable",5.0
"The young lady that answers their calls doesn't know enough about their business to answer simple customer questions. She couldn't tell me what percentage of UV protection rating of the tint they use. I highly recommend they provide her with a reference chart so she can answer simple customer questions. Based on this, I did NOT use their service.",1.0
"It is so awesome to come home to a clean yard, fresh and ready for the next month!
And that is what you get when you use this business. We are renting, and have discussed buying here in Las Vegas. There is no question in my mind, I would bring this company with me to my new place! 

No fuss, just easy. I received my original quote via text by sending photos of my yard.
Both first time clean up and monthly. 

From there on out, no complaints! Simple, easy and timely.

Great company to work with! A+",5.0
Ultimate lawn just left and they did an amazing job. We found them on Yelp and decided to use them after all the great reviews and let me say they earned every single one. My yard looks great and we will continue to use them in the future.,5.0
"This place is spacious and yet cozy.  Nice dcor with dimmed lighting.  I came here for their lightbulb bubble tea.  The lightbulb bottle is cool, tapioca is chewy, but the milk tea is mediocre.  Their menu is big and with lot of variety; milk tea, fresh fruit tea, fresh brewed tea, mousse tea and dessert. Will be back to try their fresh brewed and mousse tea. **Ask for the loyalty card; buy 10 get 1 free **",3.0
Had never heard of this place before but my husband and I were in the area and found it on Yelp.  It's very small with not much seating but the food didn't disappoint. My husband got the garlic steak and I got the steak and mushrooms--both came with a side salad of mixed greens and brown rice. The quality of the steak was good and it was well seasoned. I like that they had liquid aminos instead of soy sauce. Everything tastes good and was very healthy!!,5.0
"Get your killer gas discounts one, in store says up to $1.00, but now signs outside say up to $2.  I find that I have to ask for a receipt at the pump and I have no issues with the discount. The times I forget to hit yes for a receipt, I get robbed by st least .10 cents, once .40. I've seen other customers with the same issue.  

As for the store, for being a newer one, it's lacking a lot. I'd drive up to Cotton and Bell, but I just go to Frys. The pharmacy is good, always have my meds in stock every month like clockwork.  Check expiration dates, but that's Safeway in general, not just this location.",4.0
"This place needs a good review for the simple fact the guy in the drivethru called me sweetheart over the speaker. When I got to the window I joked about it, and he said they haven't had good reviews so he wanted to make sure everyone that goes through his line has a great experience. How cool is that!!! Need more people who care about the quality of their work and how they affect others in the world. He is a great example and made my day",5.0
"Select handles our fleet of vehicles 30 and does an excellent job every time.  They work around our busy schedule for our guys and replace them on the road or at home.  They have reasonable prices, good product and great installations!  I am so happy we found Terri and Brad to handle our fleet!",5.0
"Came here for brunch with a friend, it was delicious!
My puppy came along as well and they gladly set up a table outside for us to all eat at. 
Very light and tasty crepes, they have great drink selections and made me the most amazing Carmel cafe!",5.0
"Liars work here, be careful

I had my car towed in there at the beginning of July because the engine had seized (my fault). The car was due to be returned at the end of its lease. I found out on July 21st that they were trying to get ahold of my friend (person that got it towed for me since I live in Cali) to figure out what is going on with the car. I flew into Las Vegas for the day on the 29th in order to try to get this resolved. Spoke to Sergio who was handling it, and he introduced me to the service manager who went over the cost of repairs. After getting that figure I went back to Sergio to see what other options I had. My friend who towed the car in was in the market for a car as well.  My options on the 29th were to turn car in as is ~$8,000, fix and turn in ~$7,500, or trade it in and have my friend purchase a vehicle to help cover the fees on the trade. My friend went in that weekend to do a credit check and was told he would need to look for a car around $30k to mask the penalty on the trade. 

We've both tried numerous times since that weekend to get ahold of him and even tried talking to Sales Managers only to be blown off and sent to Dummy voicemails. No VMs have been returned. 

I called Kia Lease End Services yesterday to explain I was trying to handle the trade in and explained all of this. Tasha was able to get Sergio on the phone magically (maybe my phone number didn't show up??) and she was told that they just found of they had the car last week and they've been bending over backwards to help my friend or me take care of this issue but we are wasting their time and dodging them. I tried explaining to Tasha that they are lying and I have flight records, phone calls, witnesses that drove me over there (family), but now they are just going to ""ground the car"" because we've been non-compliant. 

These people are crooks and I will be taking this as high as I can go, up to the State Attorney General and the Better Business Bureau because I have all the evidence to prove they were lying about what they told the agent on the phone.",1.0
Don't book them. I got an email from them saying I can book again and now they have professionals available. I thought 3rd time will be a charm. Made a booking on Monday 07/28 for Friday 08/01. Again same thing happened. Got an email from then saying they cannot find a professional to clean my house and I have to reschedule. This company is a joke. Come on guys. 3rd time in a row!!! Save your money people and don't use them. I have posted pictures of their emails.,1.0
"My mother and I spotted this on our way to WalMart and decided to stop in for dinner.  The resulting experience was mind-blowing, to say the least.

First of a, let me say that this is INDIAN FOOD.  Not American-spiced food of questionably Indian origin.  When you order mild, it will burn the hair out of your nostrils.  When you order medium, you will breathe fire.  No one at my table was brave enough to order full spice.  With that being said, the flavors are luxuriant to the point of feeling pampered.  Their seasonal vegetable korma - I confess, korma is my go-to dish - is creamy, full-flavored and robust.  A pleasant surprise was the paneer contained within!  It had the texture of a really tender chicken breast, and for a moment, I thought there had been a mistake!  No mistake, though - just perfectly cooked meat substitutes, the quality of which could make the culinary gods shed a proud tear.

And their unusual cocktails are awesome, too!  I tried the guava margarita, and I would have gladly put them away until my family had to drag me from A to B if it weren't for my budget.  Sigh - next time.",5.0
"Friendly Staff, Nice Gym, Good Equipment & Convenient Location ....
But ...
Maintenance is sub par.... ( Awful !!! )

- Purel dispensers empty or non functioning.
- Men's washroom are disgusting- Gum and hair in and around urinals
- Grime on mirrors , doors, water fountains, basin area, showers and floors
- Garbage left on equipment very seldom gets removed
- Showers water pressure is low and should be increased
- Shower soap dispensers not always maintained
- Most gyms have a daily/visible maintenance person and schedule. You are lucky to see someone   cleaning here once a week.
- If the filth in the Men's change room is an indicator/red flag, do I dare enter the hot tub or pool 

It seems I'm not the only one complaining about the filth ( See Justin H post July 29,2015 )
 Its now December LAF..... and nothing has changed

How hard is it to pick up a bottle of Windex or Lysol to spray and wipe.
I have seen Fitness Instructors cleaning at other Gyms.

I have called in to Kevin (Operations Mgr) to complain and will monitor the situation",1.0
This Tim Horton's consistently gets orders wrong. Workers are rude when you ask them to fix your order. Have to wait 15+ mins to get something  at lunch and then it's not right or it's missing ingredients. My friend ordered a wrap and the lettuce was soggy and discoloured. When she brought it to the attention of the workers they tried to convince her that that's just what happens when you grill it,1.0
"I'm updating my review, but this review is for the uptown location. Staff are super friendly, pastries are good, service is excellent even though it's always packed.

The fact that it's 5 minutes away from my office makes it even better. I almost always do Johnny Burrito and then a coffee afterwards.",4.0
"wow, i'm surprised there aren't more reviews. admittedly, i've been here only once, but this hole in the wall joint has surprisingly AMAZING fish and chips.

i don't know why, but damn, perfection is made here!  nice crisp delicious, authentic tasting fish and chips.  downside, the location is pretty much in teh middle of nowhere in a strip plaza. the interior is well, really drabby. withschool chairs that have the table and chair as one piece. and really,really due for an interior update.  definitely not a sit in place. more made out to be a takeout joint.

we just came across this place since i was getting the car done across the street.  (which btw, is amazing mechanic! - real friendly and authentic) 

all in all, highly recommend.",4.0
They make buying a gun for a newbie easy - I really liked their approach and the calmness of it all - If you would like to purchase a gun but feel intimidated when you go to a gun store call them you'll be glad you did,5.0
"Went to Crossroads because of the menu and the venue.  I love good food with a southern\Louisiana taste & I love good live music.  We had the bbq chicken flatbread as an appetizer, which was delicious.  I had Loretta's meatloaf and my wife had the shrimp & grits, both were good, but not spectacular.  The band was a pretty fair cover band.  Overall, I would go back any time. My only complaint was that service was a little slow, but it may have been my fault, as i requested a different table than we were offered for a view of the stage. Possible that they double-sat our server to accommodate me.",4.0
"Excellent food, Duck under cover Burrito   was phenomenal, the brisket, lamb and fish tacos were also excellent Chef Michael Herschman is one of Cleveland's finest chefs. The watermelon margaritas were spectacular. If you haven't been to Lopez you should definitely make a trip there!",5.0
"I made a trip to The Stock Yard today looking for a particular cut of meat. I waited at the ""barely stocked"" meat counter for quite awhile expecting to be helped. The only thing I got was looked at. The employees were too wrapped up in their own conversations to offer any assistance. So, I calmly turned around and walked out the door in search or another place to purchase quality beef. Let the search begin.",2.0
"My husband and I went to Postino for a dinner date during a recent weekend trip to Phoenix. It wasn't quite what we expected--we'd assumed it was the kind of Italian place where you could get a glass of wine and a plate of pasta--but we had a great time.

Our reservation was for eight o'clock on a Saturday night, and the place was busy but comfortable. It felt intimate and not too crowded. The lighting was low, and the space was warm and charming. A great go-to date spot. Service was great. Our waitress was friendly and helpful, and we were well taken care of.

Postino is more a wine bar than a full sit-down restaurant, with reasonably priced bottles and a menu that consists of large format antipasti and paninis. We ordered a bottle of Canto Sur, a red blend of mostly cabernet and carmenere. You can get wines by the glass here, but the bottle prices are only three times the glass prices, putting most of the bottles in the high twenties/low thirties range. We were happy with the wine. We also ordered a few antipasti and tried to order paninis for our dinner when our waitress stopped us--she said what we thought were antipastis would fill us up plenty, and she was absolutely right.

Granted, we were planning to order a pretty big spread of appetizers. We shared the butcher's block, the pub board, and a selection of four bruschetta. Did not realize that each of these boards would be gigantic. Everything was delicious. The butcher's block came with plenty of meat--prosciutto, coppa, salami, and peppered salami--along with goat cheese and white bean hummus. There was crostini, of course, and a huge assortment of great accompaniments--olives, dried cranberries, almonds, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, smoked yellow tomatoes, and three kinds of pickle.The pub board brought another huge spread, this one of MJ's soft pretzels, Scrheiner's chorizo, cornichons, aged cheddar, and giant Spanish corn nuts. It was fun to mix and match everything on these boards, and it was all fantastic. The bruschetta seems to be the main draw of Postino, but I didn't understand why until our selection arrived. We opted to order four of them for $14, and were expecting bruschetta sized like bruschetta. These were more like full-on flatbreads, with the four bruschetta adding up to about a pizza in volume. We had the tomato jam and fresh sheep's milk cheese, the salami with pesto, the prosciutto with figs and mascarpone, and the burrata, bacon, arugula, and tomato. Not a dud in the bunch--loved all the meat, and the tangy cheese with the sweet tomato jam was perfect on its own.

We took great pleasure in our feast of antipasti and wine. We ate with our hands and enjoyed the variety. I'd love to go back to Postino next time I'm in Phoenix. I'd be a regular if I lived in town.",5.0
OMG!!! This place is A.MAZ.ING! If you dont get the bruchetta appetizer than you will be missing out. SO tasty!,5.0
Cute plant based local restaurant. Great deserts and meatless burger is a must. They have a different menu everyday so make sure to follow them on Instagram or Facebook.,5.0
"This was my first time at a dealership and I'll be coming back for my next car. Tony Taylor is the man to go to. I was looking at a used Ford Fiesta online and wanted to try it out in person. Once we arrived on the lot Tony was there right away to help us out. He is super awesome and not pushy at all. I told him my budget and what I wanted for the car, taxes, and other fees. I didn't get what I wanted right away. It took a couple times of nogotiation and they gave me exactly what I wanted. Michelle from finance is amazing and knows what she is doing. All in all this place did everything they could to give me what I wanted. I am so happy I went here first. Thank you Surprise Ford, Michelle, and Tony!! :)",5.0
"Tonight I came to GVR to meet a couple of buddies for a few drinks.  Green Valley Ranch is to me, the best comparison to a strip casino, off the strip (if that makes sense).  Basically speaking, it's the best off the strip casino.  This place is nice, clean and has a very classy vibe. I've been here for the buffet many times and it is very inexpensive.  The bathrooms are cleaned on a consistenty basis.  There's a lot of parking and I never find myself walking far from my parking.  I also think the neighborhood of Green Valley is awesome.  There's Whole Foods close by, Lucille's BBQ and best of all, my job is 2 minutes away.  In the casino, there's a great food court option, nice restaurants such as Terra Verde and Hank's Steakhouse and awesome bars like Quinn's and the Drop Bar.  Because it's close to my work and home, I find myself there a lot on weekends and I know theres a great weekend vibe amongst the locals.",4.0
"Great food. Fresh as it could be . Most vietnamese places in Toronto I find have subpar rolls. These here are incredible . Perfect blend of herbs , love them

Great little spot , sweet people!",5.0
"We had an amazing time here on Valentine's Day! Really fun room with unexpected and surprising puzzles. 
My main point of praise is for their customer service. I messaged them on Facebook and was impressed at their quick, helpful responses. Thanks Lockdown!!",5.0
"Over the past few months, the service has gotten worse.  Upon reading some of the recent comments, I'm seeing the same issues with inconsistency.

Usually there's something wrong with the order.  For example, we ordered the ""spot"" chicken tonight with no bacon or onions and add avocado.   It came with bacon, onions and no avocado.  How do you mess that up?

Sometimes it'll come with a fries instead of a salad, even though the menu says it clearly comes with salad.    

The food is mediocre at best and when the order isn't right, it's just not worth it anymore.",2.0
"It's conveniently located right off the freeway, but surprisingly super empty at lunch time. Food came out quickly, was fresh, but tasted just OK. The restaurant smelled like methane or something like that. Odd.",2.0
bottom line review :   good but way over-priced .   this is hipster-kitsch sushi dining .,3.0
"I think I might be spoiled just having moved back from L.A.  I thought these tacos were only okay.  I think they needed just a little more seasoning.  I was lucky, I hear there is normally a longer wait.  I had ordered the al pastor tacos and the quesadillas with beef.  Can't say I really want to go back.",3.0
"It's a little sad how many times I've been here and been buzzed or flat out drunk. And when I wake up the next morning with burrito wrappers in bed with me I think, Hey, at least *something* came home with me last night. Then I eat the extra burrito I drunk ordered and call it a good day.

Okay, seriously, this place is wunderfundle! Whenever I'm heading home late on a Friday, this is my final stop before going home. While the tacos are probably some of the best I've ever stuffed in my face, the bean and cheese burrito is my standard order. Two of those bad boys, actually. And in a pinch, they're in the lot with Charlie's. You know, for times when I want more than a burrito in bed.",5.0
Food Was Delicious!  Great Outdoor Patio with beautiful view of the McDowell Mountains. Will definitely be back!,5.0
"HAve eaten here couple of times...nothing too special to rave about, we just like the food and it fills our tummy...the wait is sometimes ridiculous but what do you expect of Vegas?  LOL...one time we decided to sit at the bar because waiting for a table may take pretty long and we were both starving...the bar tender was pretty friendly to the guy eating next to us but ignored us the whole time...so minus 3 stars.",2.0
"My wife and I went last night for the first time, and it was great! Just because something does not have reviews does not mean you should avoid it like the plague. The Createry has been up and running for about a year, and Molly is the owner. Which might explain why there aren't many reviews, and also, people tend to complain more than compliment.

Anyways, back to The Createry. Molly is the owner, and she did the session that we attended. She starts off with introducing herself and talks about the company/organization and then shows what the painting of the night is (which is on the Event Calendar). She also encourages you to go your own route, there are no limitations for creativity. You don't even have to do what is being demonstrated. When walking through the painting, she shows what needs to be done instead of just telling you so that both types of learners can understand. When it comes to colors, once again, she does not care what you do because it is your painting. She is willing to offer advice if you need it, or help mix colors if you can't quite get to it. She is very patient, but also fun to be around.

The concept of having this in a restaurant is a wonderful thing, but can also get quite pricey if you are buying drinks and food when you add in the cost for attending the event itself (our total cost ended up being over $100 when we added in the cost for the Groupon). But, do not let that discourage you.

The site is well laid out and the Event Calendar will show you the date, time, location, cost, and painting that will be there, and it is not hard to miss. Also, the FAQ lays out the rules and guidelines when it comes to not being able to make it to an event.

Overall, great thing that we went! Plan to be there for longer than 2 hours, because your creativity may take you a different route. Also, I highly recommend getting a Groupon, Living Social deal, etc. because I'm sure you don't want to justify why you can't enjoy the night. Definite recommendation.",5.0
"Can't believe it's taken so long for me to comment on Shampoo Ink and my stylist Heidi!  I've made so many changes to my hair over the year from blonde to red to transitioning back to blonde and every change we've done I've received so many compliments.  It's hip but not too trendy to intimidate anyone.  I even recommended my boyfriend to give it a try for a professional cut and he loved the extra treatment he received from Heidi.  Heidi never pushes product, but will make suggestions when I need something.  Love this place and would suggest Heidi to anyone that needs a new stylist!",5.0
"OMGeeeeee!!! I visited this spot for happy hour after a movie on a Monday evening....DELICIOUSNESS!!!!! From the pink lemonade rose sangria to the pork and grits to the brownie bread pudding finale....AMAZE!!! Who knew that this BBQ spot could be SO GOOD??!! I have to confess we chose it for its proximity to the theatre but in hindsight it feels clandestine, such a happy accident and i can't wait to go back!!",5.0
"I had the brisket and my husband had the pulled pork.  Our meat was full of fat so we went our dishes back and the revised brisket was then dry and the pulled pork looked more like burnt ends.  And, to top it off, about two hours later, we were both very sick.  We only had eaten here so can't blame it on anywhere else and no, it wasn't a stomach bug.  I want to enjoy and recommend new places but I just have nothing that I can positively say about this place. I've had much better BBQ at other places and did not end up sick.",1.0
Charging for water make you look cheap. If you want to people to know you care about wasted water tell them that you only provide and refill water if requested. Even in San Fran they don't charge you for water. Food was ok not as good as in the past.,2.0
"Been a few times for Sunday Brunch and have not been disappointed.

The brunch is $20 for a choice of 4 items, ( we have tried the chicken fried steak- good & the Bacon Steak and eggs - was OK ), plus unlimited Bloody Mary's & Mimosa's... 

Both times were did the Sunday Brunch, our service was great, and they stopped by often to see if we needed refills.

My sister & brother-in-law, who have here for dinner said the ""Q"" is real good, and plentiful.
They say the ""Go Hog Wild"" is great & enough for 2...

We will be back again.",4.0
"Macarons were delicious! We bought one of each flavor, kids tasted in the car, and we had to turn our car around to go get some more.",5.0
"I've been coming to this salon fairly regularly for the past 6+ years (since they open) and I must say that I've never been disappointed. 

Located in a very convenience location near Yonge and Sheppard, Salon de Elephant is a trendy, open concept salon that has amazing atmosphere, great music, warm and comfortable decoration. They also offer a wide range of beverages you can choose from while you are waiting for your stylist. 

I always have Karen as my stylish, we usually sit down and chat about what I want so she can make expert recommendation based on my hair type. We then moved to the back of the shop to have hair wash and head massage. I really like the hot towel service, it is totally relaxing. 

I would describe Salon de Elephant itself is a relaxing experience. It's not very often that you will find a professional who really cares and puts a lot of effort into all the little details, and I think Karen does a really good job on that. 

The place takes appointments and walk-ins, but I would recommend booking ahead of time (They have online booking!), since they do get quite busy and most of the time u may not able to have your service on the same visit. 

Book your cut with Karen and you won't be disappointed.",5.0
"I got to Cleveland early for my conference and was able to make a stop for lunch. This place was a bit of a trek from the conference center, but it was well worth the walk! It was also a plus that they offered WiFi.

Unfortunately, this was a Tuesday after a long weekend, and a few items on the menu weren't available because many of their ingredients are very perishable and they hadn't had a chance to restock. I settled on the lean green smoothie, the awesome grilled cheese, and the creamy rotini bake. (The latter two could really be lunches for two different people, but I couldn't resist over-ordering on purpose.) You really can't tell this is vegan food, and they have some unique offerings. I especially loved the fig jam in the grilled cheese that added a tang of sweetness to the sandwich. I also found the pricing to be super fair, considering the natural ingredients.

The reason I'm docking a star is that this cafe really needs more than one person working, especially around the lunch rush. The poor employee was literally taking orders and then running around the kitchen trying to make the food at the same time. I wanted a takeout box, and it took me a long time to get her attention. There was another customer who came in, waited for 10 min without being acknowledged, and walked out.

Other than the understaffing issues, this place was such a treat. I'll definitely be back if I'm ever in the area again!",4.0
Tried this place on a because my wife and I were given a restaurant.com gift cert for it when it was in Avon and had an absolutely terrible experience. Service was unbelievably slow and the food was OK at best. The worst part of the night was when they told us that they no longer accepted the gift certificate! Within a few weeks this place was closed only to reopen in Cleveland. If it has the same owner and the service staff it won't in Cleveland long either.,1.0
"Being from California with so many options for Filipino food, Filipino food restaurants in AZ is very scarce. So when I found this place, i was thrilled! Their food is great and authentic and the workers are really nice. The only reason why I marked one star off is because it was so expensive. Just for my meal alone was $17!!! I got three items: Sisig, Beef Steaf and Caldereta. I was shocked it costed that much. But the food items were delicious!!",4.0
"Highly recommend this shop for all your firearm needs, from brand new guns to transfers to accessories. Dave and Ted are extremely helpful and friendly, and just as important, knowledgeable. I just moved to Vegas from out of state, and they handled all my firearm transfers flawlessly. Whatever they may not have in stock at the store, they can certainly get it for you, ammunition included. Great guys, great customer service. They have earned my trust and they are my go to gun shop..",5.0
"There are times in life when spending the rent money on a single meal is actually a pleasure, and can be part of one of those evenings that's the stuff of special memories for years to come.  

There is a bare handful of truly first-class, exquisite, opulent places in Toronto where your dining experience is so much more than food on a plate, where only the finest in your wardrobe will suit you, where you want to make marriage proposals or celebrate a major anniversary or otherwise ritually mark the most sublime and special of occasions in life.  When I know I'm going to plan such an evening with a special partner, it's the Courthouse Market Grille that I personally keep in my back pocket.  

I don't have to tell you what's on the menu, but I'll definitely recommend their steaks.  You should already know that it'll be among the best meals you'll hope to have.  Ever.  Trust me.",5.0
"This place is affordable, I feel like I make money when I come here. Food is incredible. 


This is still my favorite restaurant in Phoenix - unlimited sashimi and it's really good!

I come here with friends often and we love it.",5.0
"In a word, this restaurant is simply fabulous. I've not been to other Nobu restaurants, but I can't imagine them being chicer than this. Multicultural waiters barking out orders in Japanese to the swift and focused sushi chefs, ultra trendy and modern decor, gorgeous breezy open space... And creative, masterfully prepared food to boot.

Not quite five stars since Nobu is actually no place for the sushi purist - I've had FAR better sake belly (my all time hands down favorite cut of fish), let alone regular sake, elsewhere - and service certainly could've been more attentive. Also I should state the obvious that you better be prepared to drop serious cash on your meal since dishes aren't served with garnishes or accompaniments (unless you don't mind eating pure protein). That said, my black cod miso was phenomenal and easily one of the best pieces of fish I've ever had (only behind the halibut at 3 Michelin star le Bernadin in NYC). The more-sweet-than-savory miso glaze enveloped the outer flesh of the fish in a perfectly caramelized crust, and yet somehow the meat was barely cooked to achieve an unbelievably juicy tenderness. It was actually so moist that the layers of flaky flesh simply slid off of one another and into puddles of juice upon the gentlest prod of the fork and dissolved onto the tongue. Not to mention the serving size was surprisingly HUGE - easily 6+ ounces.

Would def return with a big group and go all out. Def not the place to go if you're on a conservative work budget (like me).",4.0
"I have been here a ton, it's a great place to meet with friends and have a few drinks. 

The food is alright, nothing special. The fries arent very good, but thats alright. 

The waitresses are friendly and talkative. I would recommend this place for grabbing drinks and a snack. 

Ps. The chipotle chicken wrap is 10/10",4.0
"Went to Big-O off 215/Gibson for service this past weekend and had a great experience. This is the second time I've been to this location. 
I chose to go to them again after I was quoted 89.99 for a synthetic oil change from the Chevy dealership just up the street (Henderson Chevy), I called Big-O and they offered the same job for $39.99. 
Got the oil change, tire rotation/balance, rear brakes/rotors, and the price was less than half of what the Chevy dealer would charge. Took about half the time as well. 
Friendly service, clean, easy to get to location just off the 215. Would recommend to anyone, I will be back for sure.",5.0
"Zest never disappoints! Had the lasagna this time and was delicious! Don't forget to ask for James, he's awesome!",5.0
"The quality of Penn Station subs is very good. The taste was also good.  I ordered a Philly cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms. It was made to order and it was hot and delicious.  I didn't notice the metallic aftertaste that I remember.  My family really likes these subs, so I guess we'll be back to try other offerings.

Good service too!",4.0
"I've tried 5 guys on Mill. *waits for dirty minds to work* and now I've had 5 guys at cityscape. I had the veggie sandwich ...it was good but I didn't feel any more veggie than usual, and I'm sure it was just as unhealthy as the burgers.  4/5 because outside seating sucks and it's hot as heck outside 90% of the time.",4.0
Great Food! Great Service! We packed the place out with students/parents attending a conference at the Convention Center and Five Guys whipped through the crowd in lightning speed! Great atmosphere and an abundance of fries!!!,5.0
"Awesome local little spot with a view of the strip. Gaming, pool, darts Cozys has it. Had a great experience here with a couple friends. It used to be Fred's tavern and I hung out there and it was ok.. It's now resurrected as a las vegas local hangout known as Cozys and the night I went it was packed!. Haha.

Great spot and great friendly bartender... Karla was the bartender and she was really down to earth and chill. Made me feel right at home. Signed n
Me up for players points and I got a free $20 to play with! She was busy as hell and still made it around to each of the guests and made sure they were hydrated. Hard to do that when it's packed and yer the only one, but she handled the place no prob!

They serve food here too! 24 hrs!

Great first experience at an old las vegas hangout.

Hope they continue making us neighborhood regulars feel at home.",5.0
"Pottery Barn is a nice serene store. Kind helpful employees, but not intrusive. I enjoy walking through when at the Biltmore, Alas for me the merchandise is geared toward folks who have yet to develop a personal style. Very generic in design for the most part. So this might be why it is so serene, it does not excite my senses. They have nice usable products.",5.0
"After getting tuned onto the deliciousness that is ramen during a stay in LA's Little Tokyo, I've been a hale and hearty adventurer on a vegetarian RamenQuest ever since!

The oft mentioned pinnacle of my quest here in Las Vegas is Miko's - who provide vegetarians with their own special menu featuring a vast variety of vegetarian rolls, udon, and yes - that most elusive of vegetarian dishes - ramen noodle soup that is not made with pork, beef or chicken broth.

MIko's did not disappoint!  The broth was deeply flavored and tasted like, well, like they craft their food with care and quality.  The noodles were thin and had great texture, while the veggies (which change from day-to-day from what I understand) mostly peas, spinach and asparagus this time - had been slightly roasted and caramelized then cooked until crisp tender. Perfect.  A friend ordered the vegetarian sukiyaki and it looked amazing - something new to try for next time.

The only minuses were the food took a really long time to come out of the kitchen - and the place wasn't that busy on a Sunday evening.  My husband ordered the Veggie Tempura roll and while he said it was tasty, it was one of those super large sliced rolls that is so loosely packed it's impossible to pick it up with just chopsticks, or your fingers for that matter, without it completely falling apart.  I didn't even try...

Overall I highly recommend Miko's to those on a veggie forage voyage.  A really, really nice stop-over on the RamenQuest journey.",4.0
Great freshly made sandwiches. Half off cream brle one hour before closing. Will be back again. Soup was good too. Will be back soon.,5.0
"This place is a solid 3 star...and that is a compliment from before. In the past, this place has had mediocre food and horrible service; grumpy servers, unconventional rules and rude comments. The last time I unwillingly came, I was pleasantly surprised by a lack of rudeness.
And this visit was the same. Ignoring the past (which is difficult to do), I agree with other reviews that the food is acceptable.
Coming in, I expected a quick dinner of gamjatang for myself and kimchi jigae for my wife, a combination that we have had a million times the world over. And we were not disappointed because we expected the msg taste in the broth and minimal interaction with the staff. I was pleasantly surprise with 7 side dishes and no problems with the refills.

Solid 3 stars if nothing else changes. However, I would only come here if Food Express in the food court was closed and I didn't want to drive to Yonge St.",3.0
"It really is affordable and he does a great job. You're in and out in no time, also great costumer service. He's polite and friendly. He fixes just about anything. My iPhone 6 looks good as new. I'm definitely going back to get other devices fixed.",5.0
"We had our family reunion in Vegas this year.  As we were planning our dinner, we decided to try Buca di Beppo.  Since we had a large party (40), we wanted a place that was family friendly, could cater a large group, and off the strip.  I worked with Trish.   She was awesome, very flexible and responsive. She also suggested entrees that were popular for our banquet dinner.  When we arrived, our table was set up.  As our party straggled in, the servers were greeted everyone and made sure folks had their drinks.  I was worried about the food but the servers and kitchen staff planned this nicely.  Everything was smooth for our dinner.  Thanks Buca Staff...",5.0
"Happy hour goes from 5-7pm! That alone should give Ocean Prime a double thumbs up, because who can get to HH in the common 4-6pm time frame and a majority of the time, people are scrambling to get out of work early enough. 

Lesley, our server, was super attentive! After I had my typical go to, The Old Fashioned, which was good, I searched for something different so she suggested the Pine Fin Martini. They infuse their Finlandia Vodka with freshly cut pineapple which made for a cool refreshing simple cocktail.

So starting with the HH menu:
The $8 appetizers we ordered included..
Tuna Tartare Tacos - fresh tuna in ginger ponzu, avocado blanketed in thin crispy tacos (the type of crispy on crab wantons). Can't really go wrong ordering these. 

Oysters - cute little oysters served on ice. Little and ""oystery"" in flavor. 

The $5 appetizers we had..
Parmesan truffle fries - mild truffle taste. Maybe too mild?

Imported meat and cheese platter - good typical platter with 3 types of cheese. I had to guess which ones though since no description was included.

Kobe beef sliders - I don't recall if there was anything unique about the taste because there were only 2 of them and I ate mine in 3 bites. I remember it being good. 

Off the main menu, my friend and I split the:
Sea Scallop entree with Parmesan risotto - the scallops were pillowy and appeared to be lightly seared. Tender bites with not one hint of chewy texture. Lightly salted and buttered. The risotto had a hint of citrus in its sauce which was also very mild, so you had to almost pause and think about the citrus taste. 

I'd like to return here with my hubby for dinner sometime. I've heard great things about their steaks/meats here. From sharing the scallop entree with my friend and enjoying the tuna tartare and oysters, you can tell the seafood is indeed fresh. I felt like a lot of the HH appetizers served their job as ""higher end"" favorites but not super unique in any way. They tasted really good but looking over the appetizer menu on the main menu, one could tell a lot more heart and creativity was placed there. The entrees on the main menu appear to use unique ingredients that enhance the flavor of the meats and seafoods available without overpowering them. I can't wait to try them and see if my predictions are true!",4.0
My husband and I really like coming here. Mushroom walnut spinach soup is fantastic but not consistent. Some days it's pureed (and it's the best) and others it's brothy and chunky (not great...). Kyron was our server tonight and he was awesome - gave us extra thick sliced of bread which made us very happy!,4.0
"Food is great, but service is horrible.  The servers are rude and it took a 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 for our food. I really liked this place when it first opened.  We live in the area and had hoped for this to be a regular place for us to come to eat, drink and meet friends. I hope the management fixes the problem with the service.  If you are going to try this place, I suggest you sit at the bar for better service.",3.0
"Good pizza. A little soggy on the crust. Got one with spinach and it was frozen spinach they used, I expected fresher ingredients. Bathroom was not the cleanest.",3.0
"Wow their monster pizza is just that it is a MONSTER! It's ginormous! Definitely something fun to order for a super bowl party or get together of friends. The pizza was pretty good. They didn't skimp on the toppings which is nice but it wasn't my favorite. The crust was a little soggy for my liking and they put the brocolli stems as a topping as  well. Usually you have just the florets but they chopped up the stems and put them on their like soggy bell pepper. Kind of weird. 

We also ordered fried mozzarella sticks which were okay, they tasted like the frozen kind you buy at the grocery store. The fried mushrooms weren't very good, half were overcooked/burnt. The potato skins were dried out and lacked flavor. I did enjoy the Italian wedding soup though. It has good flavor and tons of pasta and meatballs. 

Probably wouldn't order delivery from them again considering that the only thing I enjoyed was the soup.",2.0
"I finally gave Sprinkles a chance. One star for interior decoration and another star for decent service. I'm pretty picky when it comes to cupcakes, but I came out of here thinking that I could make myself a better cupcake with my own oven/kitchen. The cake itself was really dry and crumbly and I'm not really a fan of thick icing. Maybe I should have tried their ice cream or sandwich, but with just their basic cupcake really lacking, I'm not sure the specialty treats would have been too much better. However, I would say try it out for yourself, see if you like cupcakes made the Sprinkles way!",2.0
Amazing food especially if you are gluten free. Atmosphere is amazing and biggie the dog is a great addition all in all I love it will be back for sure.,5.0
"Went here once before. The first time, they did a decent job. The business is clean with a nice atmosphere. I went again today and got a spa pedicure and manicure.  This is by far, the worst I have ever had.  I asked for a trim of my nails.  They were cut so short; I can actually see the skin jut out from behind them. My cuticles were not trimmed correctly either.  I had to do them myself at home.   I requested a french pedicure.  It is thick and uneven.  Very disappointed that I wasted time and money. I think it truly depends on who you get.  There is no consistency.",1.0
"I really want to buy shoes here but the three or so times I've come in here the sales lady is so unpleasant that I end up just wanting to leave as soon as possible. They have great shoes but they're all on the pricy side, which is fine since they are good quality shoes, but in order to find the right one I need to ask questions and try on different pairs. I don't know what it is with  the lady that works there, she just seems so miserable and everything you ask or want to know about the shoes makes you feel like you're causing her to be in pain... 
I'm going to try going to their Henderson location one of these days so that that I can maybe meet someone who will let me take my time as I try on the different shoes, and hopefully end up buying a pair.",2.0
"I went there today as a new patient after chipping a tooth on a trip to Vegas (oops...). I was a little bit nervous about finding a dentist that would work with my hectic work schedule, but the awesome receptionists fit me in for that afternoon. The woman I spoke with on the phone also spent a lot of time answering all of my questions, as well as giving me the run down on what to expect for the tooth fixing and fees. At the appointment, the receptionists and hygienists were extremely personable and friendly, and made this a whole lot less stressful than normal. The ONLY reason I am giving 4/5 is because of the time I spent with the doctor (unfortunately I do not know his name, as he didn't even introduce himself). He seemed very rushed throughout out 7 minutes together, and did not seem to want to answer my questions that I had. However, he seemed extremely knowledgeable and practical, so I can't complain too much! Overall, wonderful experience here!",4.0
"I needed a rental car due to my dad being in the ICU in Scottsdale.  I was a little stressed.  The Alamo staff at the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway Airport were not made aware of my situation.  I add this information to make a point.  From the minute I approached the desk in the airport until I dropped the car off 3 days later, I was treated so well.  I was greeted with an ice cold water and was given a very clean, reliable car to drive.  I will absolutely rent from Alamo in the future.",5.0
"For the love of God, run the blender in the back or get a soundproof case. The whole place stops and plugs their ears when you fire that thing up. My ears are still ringing...",3.0
"Wanting to go to a Chinese restaurant that wasn't a buffet, I stopped by China Chili in Central Phoenix. The inside is a vast room filled with beautiful chandelier lighting and stunning Chinese artwork. Looked pretty fancy for the price, so it's a good choice to take someone special with the apperance you have money. I asked for a small table in the back corner to eat in peace among the sparse group of younger and older people present. 

Menu was quite large, with a deep selection of various choices. I was feeling seafood tonight, so I went with the Kung Pao Calamari which according to the menu is spicy and hot. Faster than I could say Toa chie, the dish arrived. No joke, the server walked into the kitchen and the food came out in about 2 minutes. That's insane and impressive. 

The Kung Pao Calamari in presentation was great and looked delicious on the oval plate. Red, green bell peppers, cucumbers, peanuts and of course the calamari. Scooped up some calamari with various bits of vegetables and upon first impression it was quite good, although the calamari was fairly rubbery more than what I'm used to. The chewing went on longer than I was hoping. Good nonetheless and acceptable. Portion of food was more than adequate with a side of rice as is customary. I did not sense any spiciness to the food which I found disappointing as I do love a little kick in my seafood. I'd honestly like to try something else next time I come here. I sense the potential here.

Overall, China Chili for the price and the atmosphere it's worth it. I would actually rate this place if I was able, close to 3 and half stars as the food wasn't as dynamic as the more upscale authentic places I've been to but then again I didn't expect that either. If you want Chinese food that has a little more class that doesn't kill your paycheck check out China Chili.",4.0
"Got in on the guest list

Paid $20 for a glass of champagne (god thing I was already on before we got in)

DJ spinned Techno House whatever its called 85% of the time

They did play about 10% Top 40

5% Hip Hop

Its a little easier to move about in this club than some others I've been to in the past like Haze and Lavo

Cool Spot but I wouldn't go out of my way",3.0
"WHAT A JOKE! This company should be ashamed of how it chooses to do business. I pay nearly $1400/ month for 2 years NEVER have asked for a repair and recently the A.C. goes out, in the middle of summer 109 degree weather. Going on day 2 and likely will be charged like these other folks for their own equipment going bad from normal wear and tear. It is not a tenants responsiblity to pay for their homes! Isn't $1400/ month enough!? Plus the nonrefundable $250 cleaning fee and $250 pet deposit and 1 months rent they will likely fight to keep every dime. Luckily I am moving out in 2 weeks, and of course, I have been provided with a laundry list of what I need to clean including professional carpet cleaning?! This carpet was not replaced when I moved in, it's called normal wear and tear. DO NOT RENT FROM THESE PEOPLE! NO MATTER HOW NICE THE PROPERTY IS!!!THEY WILL SCREW YOU!!!!",1.0
"I have eaten at Uncle Sam's periodically since 1991. Today was my last time. We attempted to use a discount card that was purchased from a high school fundraiser. I handed the server the card when I ordered. Only after we were done eating she came over with the check and informed us that we couldn't use the card as the single Pepsi didn't count towards the ""food order."" I had the manager come over and all he did was to argue and tell me that he would get fired if he gave the small discount as it was the ""owner's orders."" I asked if they were willing to lose a customer over having the proper purchase amount but being just $2.00 short in the ""food cost."" He essentially told me that if that was how I felt he couldn't do anything about it ""owner's orders."" If they are so absurdly adamant the card should have been more legible as I couldn't read the fine print even with reading glasses, and the server should have informed me of the fact when I ordered not after the meal was consumed. Any business that is willing to lose a customer over a few cents doesn't deserve to be in business. (The soft drinks are a huge profit margin for them, so the inflexible policy is inane.)

On another note the sandwiches are quite good although I can easily make a better Philly Cheesesteak at home. The pizza and wings are merely average. If you want far better wings go, to Sardella's.",2.0
"I love this place. The pizza is great, that's all I ever get when I go here. We like to go after 9pm for their $1 domestic drafts and $1.25 premiums. Pitchers are great too, I think it's $4 for domestic and $5 for premium! Blue Moon tastes so much better for that price! Haha

The girls that serve are all really nice, we made friends with one and love it when she's there. The patio is pretty blah, just some tables in front of the bar, but most of the people in our group are smokers so it's chill to hang there (especially because no one else sits out there.) 

My one and only complaint, and the reason it only gets 4 out of 5 stars, is because they close at 11. That makes it somewhat of a pre-gaming spot for us, but with those prices it's not that bad! I know it's a restaurant primarily, but they'd get one he'll of a night crowd if they kept it open til 12 or 1 at least.",4.0
"Eeeek! I really hope this place gets better, since the location is killer- Walnut St proper.  The signage outside is super adorable a well, but alas.....

Out of the 9 favors ""available"" on the wall of yogurt dispensers (in the Razzy Fresh tradition) only 4 were available: boring old vanilla, chocolate, strawberry and original (which is my personal fave anyway, so I didn't mind). But all the other flavors had this crude, handwritten sign, a post-it actually, above them that said ""ask for"". The square hole where the machine should be was empty, except for a taped up black garbage bag. The 2 employees that were there (one I suspect was the owner) didn't seem very equipped to answer anything I would ""ask"", so I just went with my old standby + kiwi. When I asked for a cup of water with my order, I got a blank stare, then a small styrofoam cup filled halfway with WARM water. The smell of cheap cleaner mixed with ammonia hung in the air.

As I type this the fella at the counter has continued to stare into space, or at an unforeseen speck of something on the far wall. No blinking. For about 5 minutes. True story.

Either it's opening week blues, or I have entered the twilight zone. Either way, I am sending out good vibes for them to get their act together. Otherwise, it's Razzy Fresh or bust moving forward.",1.0
"Arrived on a sunny Saturday afternoon. Had to see what all the hypes about. Fusion food and Filipino dishes sounded great. 

When you first arrive, instant home comfort feel restaurant. The Tiffany blue accented colours were satisfying to look at, the modern furniture adds a great atmosphere to the restaurant. Once we arrived, we waited for 10 mins to sit, understandable for it being a beautiful Saturday afternoon. 

But let's be transparent: 
Fancy furniture and bright colours doesn't equal to good food or service. 

First order meal:
The Flip Side: Home made longanisa, crunchy garlic rice & fried rice. This is a traditional Filipino ""brunch"" dish. I give this restaurant a high five for introducing Filipino dishes. Rare to find. As for flavours, the taste gave a similar taste to the traditional longanisa sausage but being Filipino myself, it was very mediocre. I'd suggest if you haven't had longanisa in the past, this dish will set a low standard to introduce Filipino foods. It was okay, we did ask the waitress to cook our egg with no yolk... And it came extremely runny.

Second dish:
The Polski Benedict: Potato Placki w/ vodka cured salmon or peameal bacon. Poached egg & Hollandaise sauce. I chose the salmon. Great dish, very tasty. I asked for hot sauce and they surprisingly gave me a large selection to choose from. Awesome fusion between mixing hot sauces with Hollandaise sauce and the yolk. I'd have this dish again.

The bad:
Asked for coffee, requested 3 times for a refill. One of the waitresses asked, brought the coffee out to another table and I'll assume she forgot about us. Reminding her again, she said she'll brew more...after 10 mins we decided to just get the bill and leave. Once paying, we shared our feedback and it was an immediate apology, we still ended up paying $2.50 for a ""bottomless"" coffee as they say, but it was disappointing service... good luck getting a refill on your water. 

We came for the hype and left disappointed. It's great for families and mediocre food, but I won't be coming back to this restaurant. 

Better service, higher attention to details with their customers and an introduction to their menu with knowing the names of the servers would be appreciated for future customers.",2.0
Fun place to listen to some live music- whether it's an up and coming band or a has been and you're feeling nostalgic.,3.0
"For years I've always wanted an Audi, and as of a few weeks ago, Gareth Nelson at Audi Las Vegas helped make the dream come true. Incredibly knowledgable about each and every model and is as equally well versed in music. Great dude, great dealership.",5.0
"Met up with some friends on a Saturday afternoon after adulting real hard and running errands all day.

Lets say I got there between 3:00-4:00 ... they were not packed by any means. We were there for drinks and socialization and for some reason, we were told we could not have a server and had to order our drinks at the bar...??  Alright, Party of 8, without a server at one of the tables along the sidewalk. Awesome.

After a few hours we decided we wanted some food...requested a server for that component...after 20 minutes of waiting, we decided it was time to close out our tabs and go elsewhere since asking one of the many young ladies chatting around the bar to take our orders was a bit too much work...As you can imagine closing 6 tabs (some of our party were couples) took another 20 minutes and finally when the last tab was being closed a server came over to the table...

If you are looking for country music and average drinks to sit on a given afternoon? Sure give it a whirl, the seats are comfy, the girls are nice to look at and the beer is cold.",2.0
"We had a great time and there was plenty of action on the dance floor. No problem getting drinks, didn't get a chance to try the food. Only down side was the DJ was all over the board with the music selections. Not really a big deal as we like all kinds of music but just thought the music would be more current country as opposed to Michael Jackson, top 40 etc. Really fun place!",4.0
"I'm not a sushi fan but I've been here a few times & always order miso soup, shrimp tempura & chicken teriyaki. This time was no different. Service was okay, nothing spectacular. A few hours after I got home I started feeling a little sick. The next day I was throwing up & had diarrhea. I didn't think it was stingray bc I had ate there with no problem. I had chicken teriyaki leftovers in the fridge & my mom ended up eating it. She ended up with the same symptoms so that's how I knew it was the chicken. I wrote stingray an email & never received a reply. Not even an apology. Maybe their sushi is worthwhile but I for sure won't be able to stomach the chicken again.",1.0
"Finally!  In every town, I'm always on the look-out for a great pub-style place - it has to be small but not tiny, have an interior with lots of character (exposed brick, dark wood paneling), a great beer selection, and a menu with decent non-meat options.  It's OK if it's got TVs for the game, but they can't be too obtrusive.  In Raleigh, I've got Mitch's.  In Columbia, I've got Hunter Gatherer.  Finally, finally, finally, I've found my Charlotte bar.

Growlers is all but perfect.  We went for the first time with a group of five and sat at one end of their wooden castle door table that could easily seat 15.  The bar tender willingly put the S. Carolina game on the TVs, and our server was clever, attentive, and supportive.  He fetched us a growler and carefully poured our glasses for us.  Among our group, several ordered the pretzel with spicy mustard; some ordered the italian sausage; some ordered the mac and cheese; some ordered the veggie sausage; and I got the poblano hummus.  All of it was great beer food, and the hummus had spice and flavor.  The pretzels are hot and soft.

One of the best part of the evening, however, were the dessert s'mores - a do-it-yourself special with the marshmellows drenched in grain alcohol and then set afire.  We ordered two and got our fingers gooey and chocolatey.

A few days later, we went back - just the two of us and a friend.  We sat in a booth this time and had pretzels and beer.  We had equally attentive service (granted, it was a Monday night and the place was pretty quiet), and the music was at a low enough level that it was easy to have a good conversation.

Thanks, Growlers.  I'll be back!",5.0
Louisiana rub is the best in the bizz!!!! good flavor and the right amount of spice!,5.0
"Went to Blue Hound Kitchen just for dessert and cocktails! It's in the lobby of the beautiful Palomar Hotel at City Scape, a Kimpton Hotel. 

I have been to Blue Hound a couple of times for happy hour and have not been disappointed. I was definitely not disappointed for dessert. 

I had the ""Lost Melody"" cocktail which I have enjoyed on a previous visit. Made with pisco, coconut cream, rose flower water and a couple of other ingredients. Delicious. 

For dessert I had the chocolate pudding. Served in a jar with layers of graham crackers, chocolate pudding and marshmallow fluff. Vanilla ice cream and peanuts are served on the side. Oh so good! 

If you are just going for cocktails, snacks or desserts, sit in the lounge right off the lobby. Great for people watching! 

Enjoy!",5.0
"My hubby and I came here the other night for date night. It is in a small strip mall and honestly looks like a complete hole in the wall from the outside, but once you go in, it's a totally different world. The ambience is very romantic, everything is done in dark reds and they have their large wine selection on display beautifully. We don't drink, but we did eat and the food was incredible!!!!!! I suggest the homemade crab curry with glass noodles, it was divine! Very hot, just the way I like it. For dessert we had the sticky rice/mango dish and it was melt in the mouth amazing! Couldn't recommend this place highly enough!",5.0
"My friend made an appointment for both of us, based on the fact that I had been here previously. I arrived only to find out that my appointment had been canceled. Nobody called me, no apology was made for the inconvenience caused to me. The place was empty, except for one nail tech and their next appointment wasn't arriving for 30 minutes. I was still told by the individual at the front desk that no appointment would be available until the next day.  I went across the street and was accommodated promptly, politely and beautifully. I won't be returning or recommending this place. As someone who has an MBA, I have no idea how they stay in business. Disgusting.",1.0
"OH WOW! For those of you who don't know me, I am a pizza fanatic. Pizza all day every day forever. I love plain pizzas, specialty pizzas, small pizzas, sheet pizzas, deep dish pizzas, calzones, (which isn't really pizza but is pizza adjacent) and all other pizzas in between. You know who has all of the above? The Great American Pizza Co., that's who. 

I've never been overly picky about my pizza, but I can definitely appreciate an amazing one when I find it. This place has some of the best in the business. I don't say that lightly people. My boyfriend and I just happened to stumble across the name somewhere, and with him also being an avid pizza consumer, we had to try it out THAT DAY. I mean, it has ""great"" and ""American"" in the title, so it had to be amazing. They have pizzas inspired by different cities as specialties. I found that to be pretty cool and unique. 

We may have over done it a bit with the ordering, but with a BOGO  1/2 off sale, who can resist?! So we ordered the Bismarck, which has spaghetti and meatballs on it. Yes, you heard me correctly...ON the pizza. For our half off, we ordered the Key west with spinach, tomato and garlic. Then we, of course, had to order a deep dish pizza. Now, seeing as though we have indulged in real Chicago deep dishes before, we were skeptical. However, I can tell you that The GAPC rivals that of any Chicago one we've tasted. I realize that what I just said is crossing in to dangerous territory, so I'll elaborate. Of course Chicago's pizza is superior. I'm just saying that in Ohio, you can get supremely awesome deep dish without driving 5hours right here in little Brunswick. Man, is it good! 

I have always prided myself on being able to consume mass quantities of pizza in one sitting, but after one deep dish slice and one Bismarck, I was pretty full. Those are some heavy, albeit delicious, pizzas. I was slightly disappointed in the Key West until the next day, when I ate it cold. That makes a damn good cold pizza. There are so many to choose from and you bet your ass we'll be trying them all!",5.0
By me staying at the Linq this was one of my must do's in Vegas. I went there strictly for the smoked wings and I must say these were the best smoked wings I've ever had!! And to top it off they had a special Magic Hat brew on tap made just for them (which I logged on Untappd). I can't wait to go back. Vegas Baby!!,5.0
"Had been wanting to try this place for a while after seeing the food truck around Oakland. The restaurant itself had a very warm and cute vibe going with all the christmas decorations. I ordered the Dusseldorf dog and my friends and I split a large Quebecoise poutine. 

My hot dog was pretty good. The grilled onions, horsey sauce, cranberry honey mustard, and bacon made a tasty but not too overpowering combination of toppings. My friend ordered the turkey dog oahu style and my friend ordered the tofu dog bangkok style. Both of their dogs were even smaller than mine which was pretty disappointing. The tofu dog had a weird consistency and no flavor. 

I was exctited to try the poutine but the gravy was very thick. The fries weren't too bad but we probably wasted half the large because it was so big and none of us really enjoyed it. Overall, I would come back for their hot dogs but maybe get two of them since they really are not that big.",3.0
Do not go here if you're in a hurry! The slowest Starbucks I've ever been to & i've been here several times. Drive-through line wasn't even that long and I waited 25 minutes. I commented to The girl at the drive-through window how long my wait was she did not apologize and said well we're just always very busy....,1.0
"Was up in the area and despite friends telling me not to bother with this place, I decided to give it a try. I really wish I would've listened to them and will not be going back. The employees weren't really friendly, barely spoke any English and when I asked for the slice to go, it was almost an inconvenience for them to do so. They heated up the slice for a few seconds in the oven and it was maybe room temperature when I ate it a couple minutes later. The sauce was really bland and didn't have any flavor at all. I've never had such a bland slice of pizza and the price for what you get is ridiculous. I'm not sure what to rate lower, the pizza or the service.",1.0
"Fiesta Mexican in Avondale, AZ.  Dropped by for lunch - great food and service.  I will be back.",5.0
"I had a gyro to go, it was good  except it was a little cold and the meat not like I expected but it was good. The owner is a very nice person who very personable. I had to wait a long time but I had time to kill. I will probably go back and eat in next time as I heard good reviews about it. I'm wondering if these are the same owners who changed the name? 
Anyhow, I would def recommend.",3.0
"Plan in advance if taking out as they ""are too busy today to be able to make anything in 1 hour "" ...",1.0
"One of the best food trucks in Pittsburgh. Every ingredient is fresh. The folks that work the truck are awesome. Must try the Rastafarian. They recently opened up a restaurant in Heidelberg. The address is 1709 E. Railroad St Heidelberg, Pa 15106. It is called Brick & Mortar... They offer everything on the food truck menu, and then some.",5.0
"Table Tennis or Ping Pong? 

If you are a avid player or even a beginner, Canadian Chinese Table Tennis Association (CCTTA)  is a great club.

There are 35 tournment grade tables and I am talking about serious playing, maybe for some if you want to play in a competition they host or just come in to hit some balls.

It is opens from 7 days a week from 9:30 am to 10:30 pm.  

If you are a casual player, you can just get a day pass for $6 you can play as long as you want. 

If you are really into playing, then I would suggest the yearly membership for $300. You can play everyday by just dropping in with no additional fees.

People are friendly here, so don't be shy just ask if they want to play with you.

Since CCTTA has sponsorship from different levels of government and businesses, so they able to keep their membership fees reasonable and has been expanding since.",3.0
"Taste: I come here a lot after a late night out, so it 's always satisfying. A really diverse menu is offered here. The Spicy Tuna Handroll was good. I liked the added crunch of the taro chips in the handroll. I also tasted the Korean Fried Chicken which was seasoned very well, and the sweet and spicy sauce that coated the pieces was spot on. My favourite bite was the Eggplant Sangwich Doubledown because it was well balanced with the crunchy eggplant, and soft mozzarella and tomato. It was like a snack size eggplant lasagna!

Service: The servers and bartenders were nice and quick. Just expect for a small lineup on a nice night. The wait is never too long though (about 10-15 minutes).

Value: Most items on the menu are $5. Other than the oysters and some platters that they offer, their menu items range from $5 - $7. I think it's the perfect value for their snack size plates.

Ambiance: Although it is a small space and a little dark, I like the ambiance. It's a cool place to hang with good music always playing.",4.0
"I first discovered this place on a hot, sunny summer's day two years ago when all I wanted was a cool drink to cool me down (did I mention I was walking outside for over an hour on a HOT day?)
Seeing the sign for Chatime was the greatest thing that happened to me on that walk. 

The drinks are great! The service can be slow at times, and I have definitely had better bubble tea, but Chatime definitely holds a close place to my heart ever since that hot sunny day. 

Going in the evening (between 6-8) and later on in the night (after midnight) usually guarantees short, if any lines. 

Roasted tea latte, earl grey latte and mango green tea are amongst some of my favourites!",4.0
"Very clean hotel!  The room was nice and spacious.  Great view of the strip from our room. We were also able to watch the Riveria implosion from our room which was a fun experience!  
The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The bartender opened my bottle of wine for me because I didn't have a corkscrew and even gave me plastic cups so I could enjoy my wine by the pool (no glass allowed up there).  They serve Starbucks coffee and are able to make a limited menu of speciality coffees which was very nice. The pool is average size and only goes up to 4 ft in depth, but it was perfect for us as we had small children in our group. Would definitely stay here again.   The only negative thing is the free breakfast buffet closes at 9 am on weekdays and 930 on the weekend. I think maybe 10 or 1030 would be a better closing time. The buffet did have a good selection of items and we are there every morning of our stay.",4.0
"I'm a little torn on this because the property, including both the Wynn side and Encore side is great.  Great restaurants, casino, clubs, shops.  

The negative is that the Wynn tower is starting to show its age.  Room was a little basic with a small older tv.  No real extra amenities in a 'panaroma' room.  For the price, you'd do better elsewhere just room wise.  Also, no turn-down service even though its a 5-star hotel?!  

That said, its still a solid room and the property itself is just awesome.  Encore rooms are nicer though.",4.0
Just left your pub. Waited five minutes without service.  Sayonara. I am not waiting for a drink in Las Vegas.,1.0
"The authenticity is what really hits home.  Keg of water? Hellz yah!

The sausages are nicely done. Although the toppings could have been flavored a bit more. The fries are definitely worth trying. The home-made mayo sauces are amazing =) Definitely check this place out if you can",4.0
"Okay, so I`m still not bold enough to try the kangaroo or rabbit, but impressed with the range of MEAT selections they have here. Pair these charred links of meat with a great selection of dipping sauces (like roasted garlic chipotle, wasabi, parm chive etc.), a sampler of beer, and the crispiest fries I`ve had in a long time, and WVRST is the place for me!

Again, I played it safe and just went with a Calabrese Pork on a bun - since I`m a fan of sour and spice, I added sauerkraut and sauteed jalapenos. You can also get the sausages on a plate with garlic bread . Beer samplers come with descriptions, which is always nice...Again, fries so crisp I had absolutely no choice but to have two orders.

Place is already very popular, and quite packed on the weekends, but will definitely be back when in the area.",4.0
Every time I go there it's a great experience. I've never had ice cream that tastes so good. I tried the strawberry shortcake on the waffle cone and let me tell you it is so good! I highly recommend it. Can't wait to go back.,5.0
I love their Strawberry Fresca drink and that is a must have every time i go there. I also like their carne asada quesadilla. The place is cozy and usually pretty busy. I also like the fact that I can order mexican street corn here. All and all happy with my experience.,4.0
Really traditional Korean food :) Reminds me the Seafood Tofu soup I've had in Seoul.,4.0
"In addition to having an excellent eye for design, Heather is also a fantastic person to work with. She made the process of designing my office fun and very low pressure, and she really listened to what I wanted and helped to incorporate those things into the look. She also let me know when some of the original paint colors I picked would clash with other design elements of the office and worked hard to make sure all colors, fabrics, and textures flowed together instead of looking messy and uncoordinated. I ended up with a great final product that continues to receive compliments all the time and I've already referred her to several clients and friends.",5.0
"Stopped by for the complimentary glass of champagne for Delano hotel guests, and enjoyed the great view of the Vegas strip from a peaceful and quiet setting. 

Typical pricing for cocktails and small plates, friendly staff, and again... the view cannot be beat! Classy, relaxed location with a great vibe, especially compared to the craziness of the rest of the Vegas strip. 

Wouldn't hesitate to come back here for drinks or appetizers and to take in the view.",4.0
The wait was two hours long . They only allow you to buy one cheese cake .it was good . It was a good thing there was 4 of us . I would not do it again . Price was reasonable.  It was not very sweet which I liked,4.0
"Easy sign-up, definitely affordable, clean facility, friendly staff, no waiting, NO JUDGMENT!",4.0
"I am so impressed with the customer service at Autozone.  I brought my car there today after getting it jump started by a neighbor due to a dead battery.  Rather than selling me a new battery which they could have easily done, they informed me that it should still be under warranty and that I should contact my auto dealer.  As it turns out, they were right and it saved me a lot of money!  I can't thank them enough for their honesty in this not-so-honest world!",5.0
"Love this place... Comfy and clean. I have a few favorites... Carrot/apple juice, corned beef/eggs, pot of bread and Chris is the greatest. I apologize if I misspelled her name... She checks on you and remembers the details. Love her... Want great breakfast, here is where you need to be.",5.0
"Good place for Cajun style seafood, I have to admit, it's messy, but GOOD! My favorite is the pound of shrimp in a bag drowned in sauce. You have a choice of four or five savory sauces, watch the spicyness, you can choose from 1-5. If you're not used to spicy food's, start low and work your way up. FYI, you have to peel the shrimp, it's all part of the experience. 
The atmosphere is casual, it's a place to have a good time with friends!",5.0
"I can't believe we ate so much. First time here and will definitely come back!

You order by the pound and everything comes in their own bag of juices. Plastic utensils and no plates and paper towel rolls.  Can't be ashamed of leaving carcasses on the table.  Reasonable prices. 

Don't bring your friends that can't handle seeing the heads of seafood. Although my favorite part someone at another table couldn't handle it and their whole party left cause of him. Such a shame.   They do have chicken fingers for the non-seafood eaters.

We ordered
Calamari
Raw oysters
Shrimp mild with hot and juicy sauce
Shrimp mild with garlic butter
Lobster with garlic butter
Crawfish medium hot and spicy
Fried Catfish
Sweet potatoe fries

Everything was incredible. Oysters were good but nothing special. Wish I didn't order rice as that's what put me over the top but couldn't help it I'm Chinese and the sauce over rice is oh so good!

Import beers for $3 - Domestic $2. Just Beer - no wine or alcohol.  Wish they had at least wine as not so filling as beer.

Restaurant closer to Valley View is much larger and not as busy.  Parking can be difficult as there's a bunch of other popular restaurants sharing the same parking lot.",4.0
"I am excited to go back to DCR for The Chase, a new party hosted by DJ 88. If I hear correctly the music is a kind of disco/hip hop funky, sexy stlye. Although I have not heard DJ 88 yet I have read a short bio and sounds promising. I do love DJ Doug Mixer who dj's at DCR a lot so I am sure I can expect the same quality. Can't wait. I will be writing the review for The Chase soon, so check back.",5.0
"Went around 10pm on the weekend with a group of 8.  The service was actually great.  The staff seated us on the outdoor lounge as quickly as they could, and went out of their way to gather and arrange furniture to accommodate our group.  Not the typical 'we are too cool for life itself, and could care less if you are paying to come here' attitude we'd come to expect from staff at some of the other trendy bars.

Setting was great - awesome view of the strip at night from the patio; you could talk or dance, depending on your group.  Better view and setting than Tao Beach or a much more expensive club, and much better atmosphere.

No cover, at least when we were there.  Boutique cocktails made with fresh ingredients - I got a pineapple chipotle margarita - which was decent but the splash of actual tabasco sounded more innovative than it actually tasted.  Reasonable at around $12.  I'd recommend trying one of their specialties.

Not a very large selection of cigars like we'd expected, but they did have them available, and it was nice to smoke them outdoors.  DJ playing club music from his computer and got some bachelorettes dancing - it would probably be a good place to go with a group like that for the lounge atmosphere without having to buy table service.",4.0
"I was really excited to try this buffet because I always saw those ads and billboards around Vegas saying it's one of the best, but it really wasn't. I paid $24 for the buffet, but I didn't like anything in particular. It was all about the quantity and not the quality. I would much rather spend more money to eat at the Mirage, Wynn, or Bellagio buffet. The line took FOREVER because instead of cashiers, they had these stupid machines you pay at. It's like those self checkout lines at the grocery store but so many people don't know what the fuck they're doing so it's actually way less efficient. I think my favorite thing here was the vanilla yogurt gelato and I really don' t know how much that says about the food.",3.0
"Inexpensive if you get the calzone or oven baked sub. The gyros sub is made with lamb and beef, and the bread is freshly baked. Even the salad was fresh, and a lot. The chicken calzone was delicious with what appeared to be freshly made mozzarella. Very clean restaurant and the cashier was very friendly and helpful. This place isn't very big, with seating for maybe 30 people. Will be coming back, hopefully it doesn't get crowded, but this place won't go unnoticed. Great experience.",5.0
"I been to Macs near uptown and loved it.. This Macs in Cornelius was horrible.  The turkey sandwich I had was dried out from probably sitting out all day and half was cold.  Mac and cheese was dried out and bland, I had a side of baked beans too.  It might as well had been soup with how watery and lack of beans was in there.. not sure if the no crowd here was because of the poor location or people just got tired of subpar bbq.  Management needs to re-evaluate this location and quality of food served here and make changes.   It's a shame!",1.0
"I have to say I don't know too much about computers. I actually brought my old computer in to Michael at Red7 and before even looking at it, he told me it was junk. I have had others look at it and they have wanted to dump tons of money to fix it. Thanks for being honest Michael. Oh, yeah I also got a new computer there, folks if you haven't dumped windows and got on UBUNTU, free software, you have got to check it out. My girlfriend is the ultimate cheap ass and to have to never pay for another $300 to $500 program, what a relief. Thanks Michael and Red7!!!! Awesome work!!!!",5.0
"My favorite item from Panera is their Mac n Cheese! 

Today I decided to try their newer menu items because they've added quite a few! 
I had a ""You Choose Two"" - you select two of either soup, sandwich, pasta, or salad. 

I got Chicken Sorrentina Pasta & Baked Potato Soup
* equal amounts of pasta, chicken and spinach ; sauce is good ; pasta may have been a little overcooked today though
* great baked potato soup!

Coworker also had a ""You Choose Two"" - Tortellini Alfredo & Broccoli Cheddar Soup

Overall good place to have a quick lunch!",4.0
"I can't highly suggest this business enough!!! Kim (the owner) was a true pleasure to work with!  We found out that the majority of our family was infected with lice on a Sunday- Kim had us all come in within a few hours of placing the call; Linette had treated us and was so wonderful!  She answered all of our questions and was so patient as well!!!  We all had the AirAlle treatment and every one of us had been cleared on our check up (and we came back for recheck's a few times as well... just for good measure) :)  Again, Kim and her team were incredibly professional, patient, understanding and knowledgeable. Her office is clean and well sanitized too (something that is equally as important as customer service).  I will be more than happy to refer her services to anyone!!!",5.0
"Man, this place sucks. The service was awful. The server forgot my husband's drink. The food took a long time to come out. We ordered cheese sticks for $7.49, it came with only 5 cheese sticks. They charged us .50 cents for ranch even though it says on the menu that the cheese sticks come with ranch. Our server disappeared halfway through our dinner. Just as bad experience all together. Its a convenient place because its connected to the Best Western, but its overpriced. Avoid Hoot & Howl.",1.0
"Waited 20+ minutes for a Health Nut smoothie.  Place was not that busy.  Wait wouldn't have been so bad if they wouldn't have served a group of 6 first, that ordered about 5 minutes after me.  Very unorganized. Had to just ask for a refund and left. We won't be back.",1.0
"Tried these guys again this past weekend. Takeout at work, same as my last review. Seems like nothing has changed. They are not prepared to do takeout orders, I suppose, because the pancakes were folded in half in a tiny takeout container. They were much chewier than they should have been, with a texture that (though I hate to say it) reminded me of pancakes reheated in the microwave when you've made too many at home... which is a pity. They're a pancake house, I would expect amazing pancakes there. The bacon was the best part of the meal.",3.0
"Best & most reliable dry cleaners we have ever used! We have been Customers for 5 years had the same delivery person  who always looks out after us!
Big shout out to Jo Jo @ Tiffany Couture",5.0
"Flores AC is a top notch company!  They were able to accommodate us the same day, diagnose the problem quickly, gave us tips on how to maintain the system, and did not try to upsell us on any replacements or service plans.   Miguel and Michael were prompt, professional, and did a great job on educating us.  A+ all around!",5.0
"This used to be our birthday tradition. The first time that my husband and I came here together (I'd been coming for a few years prior.), we were here for a while. It's not that my husband hadn't had sushi before I came along, only that I actually broadened his food horizons. In addition to sushi (this is ok), there is a custom cooking section (good, but there is a slight wait time), hot foods like tempura (try the yams), stuffed shrimp (good), and teriyaki chicken (kind of fatty), a cold salad section like seaweed salad ( I love this salad) and a handful of others, the crab legs (better than most casino buffets- really favorful- we like to get a full plate of this) and full dessert section with ice cream, cheesecake bites, carrot cake bites, cookies, and candies (seriously you will want to try some of these delicious sweet things). Since there is a huge selection, it is hard not to find something for everyone.  

Since I don't want to be sick and get rolled out of the restaurant, I pace myself. I only get what I really want and I save room for dessert- ice cream, of course! My rule is two plates of food. I want to be satisfied but I don't want to overdo it. I use the rule of moderation. 

The service is excellent. The staff is very attentive and eager to please; filling drinks and taking the dirty dishes away. It's nice that there is a bathroom in the restaurant. There are numerous tvs all around and there is music playing (but you can't hear it if the place is pretty crowded).  Also, don't forget about the crab- it's really good. (We went to the one in Hawaii but were disappointed that it wasn't really all you can eat- there was a person handing out two pieces of crab legs.) In the beginning I wrote that this used to be our birthday tradtion- the birthday promotion used to be BOGO, but now, the promotion is BOGO, if there are six people in your party. In the AAA coupon book (AAA customers- you get this at the customer service desk, upon entering the center via the parking garage), there is a 10% off coupon and I believe that there is an ongoing Locals promotion, of 10% off.

In a world of mediocre casino buffets (Las Vegas, lets be honest), this is still better than many of the ones available (not worth the time or money). All things considered, it's also in a good location, the Miracle Mile Shops in the Planet Hollywood Casino.",3.0
"The hardest thing you will have to do is picking out what to eat as their menu has so many good options.

The vegan shrimp is a real experience, the texture is quite unique and it worked with the pumpkin peanut curry, another unique dish. 

The Seafood clay pot was a ginger shotgun blast to the face, full of veggies glass noodles and mock seafood.

Other dishes like the green curry were great as was the fried tarro. Another nice thing is that this place is nice, clean and modern and a bit more formal than most veg places in town. If you have a vegitairian or vegan date this is the place to go.",5.0
Dr. Ito has been my dentist for about 14 years. Always had a great experience and have recommended his services to many of my friends. My husband and child are also his patients. Great customer service!,5.0
"Their carry out service was spectacular.  I even called back after placing the order to add an entre I had forgotten.   Everything was ready when I got there and they threw in all the extras we needed to complete the experience.  

I hate carry out, especially Taco Bell, and I was prepared to be disappointed.  They totally got the order right, food was hot and the pizza was amazing.  

It was a little pricey but we ordered just about everything on the menu since there were several of us that were hungry after a day out and no one was interested in dining out.  The portions were good size and we could have shared.

The desserts weren't eaten until the next day and were really good.  Cheesecake with strawberries and double chocolate brownies.",5.0
"Chad whipped up some beautiful balloon decorations for my daughters baby shower. The creativity, colors and presentation was simply amazing. We loved it Chad and will recommend Balloons N Beyond to all of our friends and family in Vegas and Hawaii!",5.0
"Generally speaking, food described as ""like mom's cooking"" tends to be made with love, but not so much flavor- gotta make sure it's not too spicy for your sister, not too salty for your dad, and take into account everyone else's flavor preferences and dietary restrictions, too. This spot has a great variety of enchilada sauces, friendly family service, and a huge dining room to bring your whole crew. Note their Wednesday AYCE special.

Ordered a combo plate to go- one red beef enchilada, one green chicken enchilada, and a beef taco, plus a side of guac. Food was good, but as others have said, the amount of meat in the enchiladas is minimal. Plate overall was a good sized portion, and I liked the red sauce more than the green. I do wish they offered a Tex-Mex version with shredded yellow cheese instead of exclusively using the crumbled white cotija. Guac was fresh with tomato and onion, definitely get an order to share. 

I called ahead after reading other reviews that said wait times could be lengthy- my food was being brought out right as I walked in, 15 minutes later. I would consider coming back if in the area and specifically craving enchiladas, and try other sauces. However, I think they need to step it up a little to stand out in a neighborhood packed with Mexican restaurants.",3.0
Ahhhhh......relax......have a drink near a waterfall.......life is good!  Keep breathing when you get the bill though because cocktails are not cheap....but what do you expect?  You are at a Wynn property in Vegas!  You pay for the ambiance.,5.0
"Not sure that I'm one to conform to all the hype on this place. I checked it out because it's close to my work and had a bunch of good reviews, but I won't be adding to those. 

Right from the get go I was a little let down. There was a line that was fairly long, not outrageous but fairly long. It took a full 25 minutes just to get to the front of the line. Perhaps my bitterness carried over to the food, but I was not very impressed at all. I had a chili cheese dog that barely even rivals a dog from QT. The fries were very bland, pretty much no flavor, and I still spent almost 9 bucks.",2.0
"Second review , because this time they were actually open, yay. They get 3 stars for the sand volleyball, horseshoe pits, cornball, and close proximity to the baseball games at Peoria Sports Complex. BUT the service was whack, so I took a star away. Took forever for our waitress to come, then took forever for our beer re-orders.  The ""award winning"" margarita was just meh. The carnitas tacos? - don't bother, super greasy.  The one food plus - the calamari taco, yum!  Bottomless chips and salsa? Laughable- waiter took our chips mid-service and never returned, lol.  Insane service. 
Go for beer and sit at the bar.",2.0
I didn't know what all the fuss was about until I joined..... Now I'm totally all-in with this cult....,5.0
"Did AYCE with a friend. Service was ok. Pretty slow, especially considering the fact that the restaurant was empty. The nigiri was either bland or drenched with sauce. It seems the rolls also had an excessive amount of sauce on them as well. The salmon Kama and beef yakitori were both really good; they are the only items I'd recommend or come back for.  I think there are better AYCE places in the area. Go to Sakana instead.",3.0
"Lots and lots of selection for AYCE! Dinner was $24 which is a couple bucks cheaper than most AYCE sushi places in Vegas. 

I really enjoyed the sides at Yama Sushi! Loved the tempura, BBQ ribs, agedashi tofu and gyoza. The nigiri sushi was fresh and delicious. Rolls were yummy as well - be careful though since some of them are really heavy and can fill you up quite a bit! My favorite roll was sun of a beach. 

Yama gets really busy so be prepared for a long wait. I came on a Friday night and waited a hour during prime dining hours. The service is fairly quick when you do get seated though!",4.0
"Hmmm. Almost 300 reviews on this place and the reviews seem to be fairly consistent 4 and 5 star reviews. Which leads me to believe that either I ate here on an 'off' night, or else there are alot of people out there who have never eaten really good sushi.

This is apparently a local spot. Located only 5 minutes from the The Strip, but in a nondescript strip mall that you would never think to look in, unless you were coming here. Must have waited for a good 20 minutes to get in the door; there was a long line of people at 8pm on a Friday night.

Very low-key, casual environment. No interior design to speak of. You are coming here for the prices. They have a $23 all-you-can-eat dinner special that some friends recommended, so we went with it.

In terms of selection, Yama Sushi has that in abundance. At least 25 specialty rolls, and then all of your typical rolls and sushi, etc.

My issue with this place isn't that it's actually bad - it's not. It's just not particularly good either. The rice was soggy and sticky. The fish portions are really tiny. And the taste of the fish gets easily drowned out by the soggy, sticky rice. The edamame was actually bad. Miso soup was blah. And honestly, $23/each comes out to over $50/couple which, I've been to  many mid-range sushi places with comparable prices that offered better food, if not the selection that Yama Sushi offers.

The service was also sub-par. Many items were ordered that never came out of the kitchen. Had to request a tea refill four times before the refill came. When we were wrapping up our meal, the server essentially made it clear that it was now time for us to leave.

For my money, I would find somewhere else. And you can trust me; I'm an Elite. ;)",3.0
I come here for cheap liquor when i wanna feel like a hobo. lines are really long and i think the cashiers and baggers suffer from down syndrome but store is clean and wide selction of items.,4.0
"This store is so clean and organized. The can goods and every items in that store are stocked  neatly. They even have wine bar for wine tasting. ..so totally cool. Staff are polite, courteous and helpful. I wish our grocery store out in California is as nice as this one.",5.0
"Great night we had yesterday at Bottiglia Italian restaurant at green valley ranch.
The service was great especially Doug the bar render, he was very nice and knowledgable of the menu.
We had meat ball, and zucchini flower for appetizer they were the best I ever had, and the pasta bolognese and the short ribs cavatelli out of this world.
Definitely I'll come back.",5.0
"Came here on a Friday night with friends to see Tom Cotter and 2 other comedians. It was a terrific venue and we definitely had plenty of laughs. Most of the venue is booth seating, but they have several tables in the front and back. We were seating at a table towards the front, but luckily there were people in front of us, so we didn't get picked on. You have to order 2 items from the menu. Many comedy clubs are like this, so that wasn't much of a surprise. I ordered the Margherita pizza which was okay, nothing special. Also had a sprite for my second item. The comedy club is located in the heart of East 4th street, so you can't miss it. The booths seemed pretty comfortable, so I probably wouldn't pay for a table if I were to go back.",4.0
Have had several great burgers here and the wine list is amazing however the reds by the glass are too warm. Visited this week and not only were the burgers sub-standard the server added $1 tip to BOTH our checks and after almost 24 hours they are not responding to email complaint.,2.0
"Always have a nice shopping experience here, friendly cashiers, and they make sure you get out quick, rarely is there a lane with more then  3 people waiting. They get 4 stars for not having a starbucks inside.",4.0
Food is fresh and made to order. The garlic steak is the bees knees. The portions are great and will keep you going for the rest of the day. A breath of fresh air for a city full of greasy gut wrenching fast food chains. Highly recommended.,5.0
"We found this place on a different website. Urbanspoon. It was listed as new and reviewed very well.
Came here for lunch with Hubbie and the fabulous Shirley Martin. Shirley had chicken tacos with rice and beans, and said it was good, more food the she could eat. Garry had chick a chick a boom boom. He said it was delicious, spicey and made his nose run. I had the light combo. Just right. ( no rice and beans)
Ashton was our waiter and he made us feel very welcome, he was attentive, but not pushy. He clerked on our food and offered us dessert, carefully describing some wonderful selections.
You should give them a try.",5.0
"Decisions, decisions. Does my review belong here or under Tapino Kitchen and Wine Bar? Either way, it's the same address. Since I drank 1 glass of wine at the bar area, near the entrance in the outside patio lounge, I'm writing my review here. 

HOW DO YOU FIND TAPINO? Seems like an easy thing, no? Well, when you're not familiar with this part of Scottsdale and you have scant details to go by - like ""it's at the corner of Shea/Scottsdale"" - you can easily miss Tapino, no matter how large the font on the outside of the building is, because, to be honest, you can't see the building from the street. So, take a turn onto 70th St off Shea and turn into the plaza there. It's in the same area as Sushi on Shea. Once you know this, you should have an easier time finding the place. (Let's hope.)

The decor is very modern. The high bar chairs we sat on had velvet blue cushions. Very swanky. The music is very down tempo. I really liked the atmosphere. You really can do no wrong in my book, when you use bottles of wine as a focal point in design. I love looking around and seeing bottles on display. 

Word to the wise: The inside was like a meat locker, though. Super chilly inside around 5:00 p.m. on a Sunday. I didn't think that was necessary. So, bring a light sweater or jacket!

Bathrooms are clean, too, although they seem to take on a more ""down trodden"" appeal, in direct constrast with the lounge style. But, hey, it's just a bathroom, right? Atleast they had a bowl of mints on the sink!

At any case, my friend and I were the only two in the bar area (and maybe the entire restaurant? Tapino looked dead.) So, we got top-notch service. Our waiter was a sarcastic guy, but that's okay. I was having trouble spitting out my words anyhow. I went with their $5 glass of Viognier (The White Knight from Clakrburg, CA). Our server was sure to check back in with us, ""How is it? Is it different than the one you had yesterday?"" Yes, it was. And considering my first-ever experience with a Viognier was at the Tempe Arts Festival from a winery in Sedona, I'd have to say I'm liking this wine!

Uhm, if you've never had a Viognier, I INSIST you try it. Yes, it's white. But it tastes unlike any white you may had before. Definitely not fruity like a grigio or riesling. And it's not oaky like a chard can be. It isn't had to swill like a savignon blanc (ick), either. It has a very distinct taste - very smooth with more character than you might anticipate. My friend seconded this when she sampled it. 

She went with a red from Italy. Not sure exactly what it consisted of, but when prompted, our server was eager to rattle off the delicacies of this wine. I sampled it and it was very smooth. 

The 5$ wine list is a great draw to Tapino. You can try wines from France, Italy, Germany, Cali... It's great! And they  do have a little menu to choose from, but we refrained from noshing. 

All in all, a SUPER place to go IF you're in the area and want to stop for a glass of wine. I'd recommend it for that reason alone. As a stand-alone destination, well... if I lived in the area, sure. I'd love to go here when I have a hankering for vino, especially the Viognier. But I won't make a special trip out to Tapino, unless, of course, I realize I can't find The White Knight (or any other) Viognier elsewhere.",3.0
"Fantastic vegetarian/vegan menu with plenty of options for carnivores and omnivores. Bridge at the bar is adorable,  fun,  chatty and an excellent bartendress. I LOVE the cajun tofu tacos! Nacho Daddy's does breakfast too!",5.0
"Ohh the italian sub is just fantastic! Thick, full, fresh! Far better than your average fast food sandwich store ! !",5.0
Horrible food. Buffet was cold and hardly any selection. The sausages felt like they were 5 days old. The waitress was nice though.,1.0
"Everytime I come here the food is good. I know they have cheesecake factories everywhere, but im a big fan of cheesecake, I like the variety they have, and it always tastes great.  I came here a couple months ago for lunch, and had the lousiana chicken pasta. It came out great. Although, the slice of cheesecake I had, seemed smaller, then what they served at the one at Caesars Palace. Then again, its been about a year since I ate at that one, so things might have changed, and they are cutting down the portions.",4.0
"BEWARE OF FAKE STARS
Second time ordering to give them another chance. NO LUCK!
I ordered a Hawaiian Calzone, large pizza 5 toppings, med pizza 3 toppings and a side of meatballs. The Calzone has SOOOO SOGGY (a 1/4 cup of juice I retained from it, saved it too, cause I was going to march right back up there to show the manager)  I did not, instead I called, he was quite ""matter of fact"" in his defense of this shabby meal I paid over $54 for!
 I said I only tried this place BECAUSE OF THE GOOD YELP REVIEWS. And with this meal, I would have to be honest and write a bad one. HE DID NOT CARE WHAT SO EVER!!!! His exact words were ""GO AHEAD""
 After a back and forth argument he did say he would give me A  free pizza or make it right the next time I come in. BIG DEAL after  paying for delivery, and trying to convey my CLEARLY poor meal to him over the phone, (i even offered to text or e-mail pictures of this slop I had of a meal on my table, not interested)
I do NOT want any of your FREE FOOD! I just want to maybe help someone else from wasting their money! I guess if I owned a business I would ask all my friends to write five star reviews also.",1.0
This has been far the worst car buying experience of my life. Took them forever to my off my trade in loan. And now it is over two months and I still don't have plates and registration. Unacceptable that as the buyer I have to follow up with them everyday. Leadership doesn't even take ownership to get the problem solved. They just don't care. I like Mazda but DON'T go to this disorganized location.,1.0
"Such a gem hidden in a rather ""ghetto"" part of town!! I have eaten here 3 times and have been impressed each time. Had the lunch special Beef and Broccoli it comes with rice, egg roll, and a Rangoon all for $5.95! Can sodas are only 75cents. Family owned business which is definitely where I like to spend my money! Absolutely love going here on my lunch breaks, dining room is small but cozy, owners are very friendly. Definitely recommend!!",5.0
"In search of a coffee and some eats in the area I ended up hear with a friend.

We spent the afternoon drinking and eating and were in here for a few hours. 

Cafe latte is good, searing hot and fresh tasting. Top my latte with a heart and I will love you! I had a tuna melt. Served with a side salad which was dressed in some sort of honey dressing. A little on the sweet side for me but still tasty enough I could finish it. 

I also has a tasty coconut cake thing half dipped in chocolate. Tasty.

I love the decor and the atmosphere is warm and welcoming. 
The only thing that baffled me was that there were four staff serving but they do not do table service.  

All in all a general good cafe; menu is interesting. Gluten free treats available. Couple of vegan options on the menu too.",3.0
"Its my 1st time coming here. A friend recommended it to me and it was beyond incredible. The owner was soo friendly and the food tasted amazing. Very clean place. This is def a hidden gem :)
Pricing is also very reasonable",5.0
"Since moving here in vegas, by far the best Mexican Restaurant ive been to so far.",5.0
I bought my mother and sister certificates for a manicure and pedicure for Christmas.  I went with my mother for her manicure and pedicure and decided to get a manicure for myself while I was waiting.  Well you would have thought I asked to try on a dress!  They acted as if getting a manicure wasn't allowed for a man.  I would have given them 4 stars if they didn't make me feel a little self conscious about wanting to get a manicure while waiting for my mom.  Strange way to run a business.,3.0
"If you are familiar with Java House, or Nirvana, or Red Room, Templeton's is another in this genre of low cost, high value, good table service type restaurant. It's located across the street from Supermarket at the top of Augusta Ave.
With a dark wood and well-stocked bar staring at you as you enter, this is a classic Toronto bar/ restaurant where you can plop down, order some drinks and peruse the menu all in one motion as effortlessly as grabbing a NOW magazine on a Thursday and checking out who's gracing the cover.
My Viet style stew with chunks of beef and more than a hint of lemongrass really hit the spot as did the glorious caesar drink with the jumbo shrimp adorning the glass. This is a nice little spot just off the beaten path.",4.0
"Went here last Saturday since it was in the same hotel where our show was. Big mistake! Husband ordered fish tacos and it was ok but not much different from any fish taco ordered through a fast food drive thru. I ordered chicken tacos and it was by far the worst tacos I have ever had in my life. It tasted like chicken boiled in water with a sprinkle of cheese on top. Nothing else. Sure they gave little cups of sour cream, salsa, and guacamole but it didn't help it taste any better. It's like they forgot to season it or something. I only took a few bites and gave up. When you spend $80 for two entrees and drinks you expect some edible food.  Oh and they tell you that you get a mini appetizer with every order so I got mini nachos which consisted of three tortilla chips and it took 30 minutes to get. This place was such a joke. Never again!",1.0
I have had outstanding service every time I have gone here. My last experience my server Kevin did a great job. The food was amazing. Save room for dessert. The donuts are really good.,5.0
"So I've always really enjoyed CiCi's.

I know a lot of people think this chain is rather corny but I quite enjoy them as they aim to please.

This is one of my favorite locations. They never fail at their great welcome as you enter and their thank you or bye as you leave as a group which a lot of people probably wouldn't appreciate.

They are always and ready for any pizza order. Their pizza and salad bar is always fully stocked and best of all it's very kid friendly. Which is very nice to find these days.

Great customer service and atmosphere!",5.0
"Like the other reviewers have said the service is really not that great.  Luckily they're saved the  really good food that they have.  We ordered so much food that our little two top table  couldn't possibly handle it all.  The mussels  might have been the best I've ever had. We also shared a Frito misto, which is really good except they're pretty chintzy with the shrimp they only gave us too.  The pastas were clearly handmade which appreciate and they're quite good. The owner came over to check on us a couple times which I appreciated.  I'm definitely coming back soon.",4.0
"Stopped here briefly on my way out of Vegas. It's weird how television makes a simple pawn shop seem so intimidating. Wish I could have spent a little more time talking with staff (not the stars), to learn about how things work, and about their experience working with the Pawn Stars' shooting schedules, etc.",3.0
"Pros: The food is really good. Delivery is a nice touch. That is about where they greatness ends.

Cons: Long wait times can be a bit irritating. They are also not willing to substitute like for like items. They will willingly build your dish from the ground up ala carte style but that gets very pricey. All and all, this is not our go to anymore. Stick with a local place that is willing to cater to customers. I think their reputation is getting the best of them.",2.0
"Stefan is amazing! He is so professional and very reasonably priced. I needed an outlet changed from 120 to 240. I was quoted between $750 to $1500 from other electricians. He did it for $150! This guy will be fair and not screw you over on price. He also arrived the same day I called, just a few hours later. He is definitely my go to electrician from now on!",5.0
"Holy MSG Batman!!!! I ordered the grilled fish sandwich minus the bun. It was a small fillet of some sort of whitefish. The fish itself would have been good without all that MSG. Just icky. 

I had to send back a vodka soda because they put tonic in it instead. Bar service was extremely slow even though it was not that busy. But our server was very nice and the atmosphere is great for college sports. 

My man had the grilled shrimp tacos and I had a bite, they were pretty good.",3.0
"Food sucks,  they need a better chef or quality of food they are buying,  $4.00 for a salad that was served in a bowl for cereal for a  five year old. Ordered what I thought was a staple appetizer because they named it after Larry Fitzgerald of the AZ Cardinals and it sucks just as bad as the team, it came out cold the first time and then I've never tasted burnt deep fried food but that is what the second time came out to be. 
The quesdilla was overloaded with peppers and very bland.  
Beer is the choice for here, avoid food at all costs.",1.0
"This place should be called Magic OMFG Noodle because it was soooooooo gooooooood!  

I had the regular noodles with the Beef/Oyster sauce and it did not disappoint.  My friend got a larger size of noodle and said that it was a little too much noodle and she would go with regular next time but the food was still very good.  I ordered the egg rolls which were very ""meh"" but the noodles more than made up for it.  

Wish they carried beer or wine but by the time I finished my plate, there wasn't room in my stomach for anything else.",5.0
"Excellent restaurant. The food is amazing. Its definitely my favourite place to go and eat in ajax. But most of all, the cooks are really nice and humble.  I recommend this restaurant to everybody.",5.0
Very good pizza in very little time! This is a pretty simple place. Not too much to say about it other than it was really good and flavorful... as were the leftovers :),5.0
The food is good - my wife and I have been going there for five years. That being said the portion sizes seem to be smaller. Our last visit there we oredered the stockyar which was a stuffed pizza. it was good but not nearly as big as we were used to. Since we drive across town to eat here we were disappointed with the portion,4.0
"This is definitely one of the largest beading and jewelry making supply stores out here in the valley. The selection is pretty large. The layout has the majority of their products easily seen and easily available. They do have some tables that are full of bins you will have to rummage through to find pieces you want. The back wall is also set up this way with different findings. I come here fairly often when I need some supplies. Their prices are fair, and they are often running sales of 40-50% off their merchandise. They do ask that you leave large purses and bags in lockers, to avoid issues of theft. Since I know this I only go with my purse itself this way I can just tuck it under my arm, since I don't like the idea of leaving my actual bag in a locker. 

As mentioned above, the prices are fair for what you find. They carry everything from the inexpensive to semi-precious and precious stones. Those, of course, are pricey.",4.0
"Stopped here for drinks before we went on to dinner elsewhere. In hindsight, we wish we had stayed here. :-)

We had a couple of great beers and just enjoyed the excellent music soundtrack before we moved on to our next designation. I hope to come back here sometime in the future and actually have...a meal. I like this funkier part of town.",3.0
"Unless you want SEVERE billing issues after you cancel your membership, I suggest you STEER CLEAR of this place.    Their business practices are so questionable, I can't believe that they don't have more complaints.  

You know what month-to-month means??  It means that there is no contract and no commitment... but, why are they asking for a membership cancellation fee?   If you do your research, you'll see that YouFit signed an  Assurance of Voluntary Compliance with the Florida Attorney General's office (that's where their corporate office is located) and paid a $65K fine because they demanding $10 cancellation fees...   Maybe a letter to Florida's AG is in order?  Maybe Arizona's AG also needs to look into them as well.

All I can say is... BEWARE... AND BE PREPARED FOR A FIGHT TO GET YOUR MONEY RETURNED TO YOU!!!!

http://myfloridalegal.com/webfiles.nsf/WF/KMAN-A83T35/$file/Youfitavc.pdf",1.0
"It's the best authentic Mexican food you will ever eat. The service is outstanding and everything is freshly made to order. 

Be sure to try the green chilli enchiladas and sopapillas

I would go back there for sure.",5.0
"Carnivores have their comfort foods, why can't vegans too? 

But it's funny that carnivores don't take in meats tasting like vegetables, but the vegans take in foodstuffs tasting like meat. Hmmm....

Squirrel!

Anyways, I was in the vicinity of some green unhealthy new americans and decided to finally try Green restaurant. It's popularity proceeds it and after reading the menu online, there were a couple of dishes I wanted to try.

Mainly the Dagobah. Day-go-wha? Yeah, Dagobah. Actually the full name is Dagobah Jungle ($8.75): jerk spiced fried brussels sprouts over fresh greens tossed in jamaican jungle dressing with carrots and crunchy tortilla strips. That's how I ordered it but the cashier also gave the choice of having it in a burrito. 

Daay-oh. Day-ay-ay-oh! Dagobah come and me want to eat it all. It arrived to the table in a large bowl with ample brussels and a decent portion of salad. On first taste of the dressing (I think it was tahini based) the sky must have parted and heavenly light shined down on me. It was delicious and made me forget about the jerk seasoning which was completely AWOL. Too bad, because now that I think about it, spiciness in this dish would have probably sent me UP to heaven. 

I also tried the samosas ($6.75): curried potatoes, peas, carrots and fresh garlic wrapped in a thin fried pastry with tamarind dipping sauce, says the menu. Well...four small samosas came on the plate in thick crispy fried dough with - maybe - two cubes of potatoes in each one. Curry? Couldn't taste it. Garlic? Couldn't taste it. Carrots and peas? I'm pretty sure I would have been able to spot them -- if they were there. But they weren't. Did I already say AWOL? i would not order these again. 

Oh yeah, I also had the animal fries ($5.75) which are supposed to be potatoes seasoned with thyme and smothered with melted cheese, grilled onions, and 1k island sauce. These were really good, but thyme was not on my side? It was AWOL.

Are you seeing a pattern here?

So, overall, even with all the absent flavors, the dishes were good. Nothing was too oily or over done. Portions were generous, much better than I'm used too. I would like to return and try the Karma Curry, 

If I could change only one thing, it would be the onions on the animal fries. Onions flavor was weak and they were chopped very small, almost insignificant. If it wasn't for the sauce I would not have liked them as much.",3.0
I love going here and get suckered into going to Nami next door every time lol can't resist. Friendly service and clean,4.0
"Misleading website and false advertising.  Bait and switch used to get me to call then price much more than ad price.  I would not send my ipod to a company that dosen't stand behind advertising or website pricing.  Must be a kid working in his basement, reputable companies stand behind what they represented.",1.0
"Wow. Highly impressed!!! Although I had a very long wait for the nail in my tire (due to the line in front of me) I am beyond impressed with the customer service demonstrated by the young men running the counter. Kalvin and Steve handled the rush with absolute ease. Including dealing with a couple more difficult guests and the phones ringing off the hook. They went above and beyond, offering waters and keeping a smile. 

My only negative, get some wifi!!",5.0
An awesome restaurant. We went with Mrs. B's sister and friends for the first time while in AZ for the weekend.  The food was great and its a cool environment. Definitely recommend.,5.0
"okay the two stars are based on 3 series of visits to this new addition to the chemus mc caffreys family. the owners of the downtown irish pub have created this grown up, mature but very stylish irish pub just up the way from the other place, and one things for sure! they have the same standards when it comes to service.......non existent, scarce and brain dead. i've tried the pub area (tall comfortable chairs by bar), the lounge area (short chairs away from bar) and last we ate at the bar. the first two times i was in a rush and stated this before hand, we were trying to catch a play during fringe festival, and of course it took her 5 minutes to bring the bill after it was requested, but of course she was standing at the computer flirting with the other server. that day my burger was alright, but the lettuce and tomato served with it looked like left overs from the night before. the corn beef and cabbage was cut like proscuitto, not good very dry, served without butter, and very fatty. however, i gave them another chance a few days later when we return to see another few plays, and this time the service (from same girl-one i over tipped to avoid this lack 'o service-much to my dissmay the big tip meant squat) was horrible. we were one of 3 tables in the place too, however the chef salad and ranch dressing were delicious! the veggies, all but the tomato were fresh! so being that i fell in love with the ranch (so hard to find a good one!) we returned tuesday for lunch, and low and behold the same salad i ordered the other day around supper time was the same price, but half the size!!! what the FFFF????? bad service and cheating the lunch folf without a small discount for smaller portions? not right. the bar service was the same but luckily we weren't in a hurry. however i asked for the bill, it was brought and then the bartender went to take up shop at the server station to talk with the other servers. i litteraly heelyed (i was wearing my heelys -shoes with wheels) over there and took her my check and credit card. im amazed, but i will give them another try, the ranch is deo. don't go to the turf if your picky on service, heck or even if you just want it, they wont give it to you and you'll hate this place. but if your easy going and want to waste time in the AC go there, you will get lots of free air! oh yeah btw the waffle fries are deo too!",2.0
"My dress was amazing everyone loved it, and I got it for a good price, that being said.....the bridal shop on the other hand was the main cause of stress, and being a bride you already have enough on your plate without having to worry about people doing their job. From the moment I walked in I knew I should not picked this bridal shop, we were ignored for a bit even though we had an appointment, granted it was a weekend of a trunk show so I gave them the benefit of the doubt, the dress collection they have is amazing, Tammy , the owner, has amazing taste, the only time we got real attention was when the store died out, after I paid in full for my dress more issues occurred, first it was the veil, I called several times to get the status on it and I got the run around, no one ever called me back like the said and I got several different answers, I only got a real answer when I actually talked to Tammy apparently there was a mix up with the veil but no one bothered to communicate that with me the 5 times I called it took over 4 months to get my veil, then the dress, I was assured I would have plenty of time before the wedding to have it in and altered , the dress came about a month before the wedding, it took about 3 weeks for alterations, after the fitting the dress still didn't fit right, after fixing it I got the dress 10 days before the wedding which was cutting it close in my book, my main issue with this shop is lack of communication and rudeness of the employees, when I went in for my first fitting after the dress came in, my maid of honor could not find a sitter in time, so she had no choice to bring her 3 month baby, even though he slept the whole time and didn't make a sound we were given the dirtiest looks by the lady working there, she was extremely rude about the whole situation. The owner Tammy is great, every else that works there is not",2.0
"I love this bar! 

Chris, Renee and Rory are all competent, attentive and welcoming bartenders. Fresh drinks are easy to get, and once you establish what you drink, you'll rarely have to ask; finish one, another appears. Ashtrays are emptied as quickly as a butt is crushed into them.

The Ellis Island (their parent organization) beers are all eminently drinkable, from the IPA to the Light with all the relevant stops in between represented. You aren't going to find a bunch of boutique nonsense on tap here, so if that's your gig, you'll probably be disappointed. But if you like beer for beer's sake, you owe it to yourself to give their taps a whirl. Plus, it's made here, and has been since WAY before it was commonplace.

And then there's the Egg Nog. It is a revelation, and an amazing way to warm up on a chilly Winter night. Creamy, smooth and it packs enough of a kick that you'll be crooning like Bing Crosby in no time! Stop in for a glass and TAKE A BOTTLE HOME, the revelers at your holiday parties will thank you.

As others have mentioned, the food is solid across the board. The Chicken Pot Pie (easily serves two) and the French Onion Soup are go-to choices, and the recent addition of Soft Pretzels with a delicious beer/cheese sauce is a no-brainier when catching up with friends over drinks.

In a town with, seemingly, a bar in every omnipresent strip-mall, these guys outshine the competition handily. If you live in the area and this isn't your Local (with on acceptable exception) you're missing out, big time.",5.0
"A dump that sucks.

The youth are taking longer to grow up, still shitting where they eat. How long before they are back in diapers before ever having done so? A million places like this have come and gone, and eventually, this one will go. And when it does, how many assholes who puked on the bar or pissed on the floor will lament it's passing?",1.0
"Went for happy hour. Bartender was the worst I have ever encountered.  If you are over 40 don't wast your time and head anywhere instead.  Bartender's obnoxious behavior ruined Table 10.  Would NEVER consider going back. Actually put a damper on the whole night. would rate a ""0"" if I could. Keep in mind, this was all on the bartender.",1.0
"Visited this strip mall bar/restaurant while waiting on heavy evening traffic to die down, waitress didn't ask one time during visit if I would like a refill, or anything else maybe a menu item. Probably wouldn't return, plenty of better choices in the area and I really don't like the smell of cigarette smoke. The era of a smokey and dark bar is dead. They do have a separate walled off seating area adjoining but it was also dead during the time I visited.",2.0
"Happy 10th anniversary! We have come here since the beginning and remain loyal customers even today. This is an amazingly clean, friendly and calming place to go. The employees are young and very long term and always remember names and faces, making us feel welcome and valued. This is an exceptionally clean and one could actually eat off the floor. The types of services offered are suitable for beginners or hard core tanners. There should be a sincere amount of  congratulations as to how the owner, Rhonda, manages to remain so successful after so many years! Give this a try and I think you will agree. Top notch and good customer service keep us coming back, time and time again! Here is to the next ten years of tanning at  Radiance! 

Mary Anne and Don",5.0
"Great atmosphere, a very nice sushi bar, and the bartender had some nice tatts.
The sushi, fresh and well prepared.
There's a nice view of the street from the open air sushi bar.
The servings were generous as well.
The music was also humming at precisely the right enjoyable volume.
Definitely a must do destination if you're looking for sushi downtown.
A plus rating.",4.0
My boyfriend and I have been looking for good pizza since he started visiting me here in Vegas. We decided to try this place since they were close and open at 12:30 am. I read the reviews and decided to try them anyways. We walk in and a guy hands us a menu and tells us to meet him at the register when we are ready to order. We walk thru the door to the dining area and another guy comes behind the counter and asked us if we were ready to order. We finally (because I'm always slow lol) decide on a large sausage and pepperoni and a small meatball boli. The guy hands us a receipt and we go pay. After about a 15-20 minute wait our food is ready. We get back to my house and almost break down the door (it smelled that good!!!!!). The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars and not 5 is because there was not enough sauce on the pizza for me and we didn't know you had to pay for marinera sauce for the boli. They were both great (even the next day) but sauce would've put it over the top!!!!!! I wish they would partner with Eat24. I'd order from them as often as I could!!!!,4.0
"Don't do it!  I was with some friends who wanted to try this place last Saturday around 2pm, they waited nearly 1/2 hour for a table and when we were seated I noticed only 50 percent of the tables were occupied.  I thought this was strange until we waited another 15 minutes to get our drink order taken.  Finally we ordered and the food took a while to come to the table.  However it came in reverse order.  The entrees were served first, then when we asked about the soups and salads, the waitress said they were still cooking them.  Funny, I wrongly assumed there would be a pot of soup in back.  It never occurred to me that the soup would be cooked by the bowl.  LAME!  If your going to bark out your behind at someone, do it to someone who has never worked in a restaurant.  All the while 4 other tables took their turns yelling at the servers and management for the horrible service.  One lady threw her drink on the table and ran out, she was at the end of her rope.  Or just liked drama.  We paid and left a 0 tip, which pains me because I believe that the server was put in the wrong job.  She should have been in the kitchen, or cashier or something.  She was not waitress material.  I would only recommend this place to people who like to yell, because that is the only way you will get your food.",1.0
I did it. I tried it. Meh. Probably won't go back. Service was friendly but slow. Food was abundant but definition of gluttonous.,3.0
Was here 12/8/11 boyfriend had the meatloaf I was jealous I didn't order the same thing it was very well seasoned &moist the mash potatoes were cheesy goodness he said the veggies were tasty too the meatloaf is good! I had the chicken sandwich it wasn't seasoned that well type bland it was a large portion. My boyfriend also said the bartender made a good tasting long island ice tea the food also had a cute presentation and was well priced for so much food thumbs up hash house was the best food we had in Vegas and we ate at the cosmopolitan & bellagio,4.0
"Get the sage fried chicken Benedict! One of the best breakfasts I've ever had and definitely #1 in breakfast in Vegas! Portion size is outrageous here! Expect left overs to take back to the room! Go get a coffee at the bar to help pass the time and keep calm for the long wait ahead! LONG wait, but worth the wait! Priced well.",5.0
"This is my second time visiting Hash Hash A Go Go. The food is excellent. Very flavorful and well worth the wait. I had a Bloody Mary (YUM!) while we waited for our table. Once we were seated, my husband and I decided to split the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The portions are huge, so splitting a dish makes sense. Prices are reasonable and overall, the staff was friendly. We will definitely keep coming back.",5.0
"This place is by far the best deal in Vegas. It is located on the strip amongst all the other place that are convenient to your hotel but you'd never know it based on the service, prices and quality. The servers are friendly, personable and informative. Our bartender/waiter gave tons of great suggestions for our trip.  The prices are the most reasonable in town and the portions are huge! The food is equally high quality. The eggs Benedict that I ordered for I think $13 kept me satisfied all day. The chicken and bacon stuffed waffles, $17-$18 I think, was enough for 2-3 people. And it was as good as it sounds.

If you're on a budget but still want to eat somewhere fun with ""Vegas flare"", this is the spot! Open 24/7 and centrally located on the strip.",5.0
"the grog shop is big enough to attract awesome acts to cleveland, yet small enough that every show is something special.

the stage is barley higher than the floor, the beers are cheap, and there's no other place i'd choose to see my favorite band.

cleveland owes a lot to the grog.",5.0
"One of my favourite dim sum restaurants in the city. I only come here for what I can ""Chinese brunch"". 

Their dim sum is a tad pricier than other locations in Chinatown but it's offered all day (literally). I've been here after midnight on many drunken occasions stuffing my face with dumplings.

There's usually a small lineup at the front door but the restaurant has a back room so don't be discourage if you see a line. I'm usually seated in under 10 minutes.

Would highly recommend especially if you're looking for a step up from your standard after hours pizza.",4.0
"Really good dim sum that is available all day. No carts - you order off a menu. Numerous options on the menu. We ordered the seafood lo mein from their regular menu and it as a watery slop though, so if we go back, we'd stick to the dim sum menu only. Fast and efficient service. Hole in the wall setting.",4.0
"So it was my first time doing Microderm abrasion here. they took me  exactly my appointment time which was wonderful! however I'm not especially glad that I had to pay $150 for a Microderm abrasion that lasted 15 minutes. I've done other micro dermabrasion's that have been 30 to 45 minutes long I felt like I got ripped off. I don't know about anybody else but I know when I'm getting things like this done I want to close my eyes and relax. unfortunately I wasn't able to because the girl that was doing it kept talking to me and not just asking me about how my day was trying to upsell me on other things that they do there and coming up with all of theses Things that are wrong with my face that I should be using their services for.  I figured they were somewhat pushy because on the day I made the appointment for my session the woman was trying to get me to buy a six pack when I haven't even tried their services yet. Then after I left my session the receptionist tried to push me on buying a package for something else which was very expensive and when I told her I would think about it she then told me she would give me the Father's Day sale which was 10% off.. (by the way I'm not a father and I'm a woman ) Personally I find that they try to hard to sell, their extremely pushy and for the amount of money that you do pay you don't get your services worth. 
Don't be like me and feel stupid after you leave there...my 45 minute ride home all I did was think about how stupid I was that I spent $150 on a 15 minute session",2.0
"As far as laser clinics go , bellair is great. Remember these places open and close daily. I was surprised to learn theyve been around for 9 yrs. great! So far my treatments have been successful. After my third laser hair removal treatment results are great. That may change, but good so far. I will update with my fifth treatment. Place is clean and comfortable. I look forward to seeing what happens next. 
All indications are good, and if thats the case i may try some other services",5.0
Best sushi flavor For the price I've ever had delicious!  OK it is a limited menu but everything tastes amazing my favorite was the salmon roses.  The whitefish tuna and the eel was mad so well and the hand rolls weren't stuffed full of rice to make you full.  Everything I had was above average.  And the price is crazy under $14 CAN this place could easily be $30 US in California.  The place was amazing I just wish we had one by us.,5.0
"This is by far the worst Mexican food I have ever had. Took the family my wife had the combo with a cheese enchilada and a cheese tamal.  The red sauce is nothing but pure chili powder watered down.. Terrible. 
 I had the Carnitas Uruapan. Should have asked for a plate of pork jerky because that is what it was.. 
  My son was the only smart one that did not order anything. 

   I have had my share of ""Authentic"" Mexican food and this is not even close to authentic. 

   To top off the night I ordered two of the $3.00 draft beers and was charged $7.98..",1.0
"This restaurant does NOT deserve the 4 Star Rating it has on Yelp...a 5 Star Rating is much more fitting.  Let's break it down:  a perfect cozy location off of Ellsworth, it's BYOB - which is always a bonus, an eclectic & intimate setting (get there early and request window seating), an attentive wait staff that is warm and welcoming...and I haven't EVEN gotten to the meal itself yet!  
My husband and I took our 6 year old daughter there and we all had an amazing experience and delicious meal.  My husband's lamb burger melted in his mouth, my lamb chops were tender (medium rare) and juicy with just enough spices, my daughters spinach and cheese ravioli was so yummy she was practically licking her plate (insert appropriate level of parenting/manners ;~)
All in all, my 'foody family' gave this 'gem of a Portuguese/Mediterranean restaurant' an ENTHUSIASTIC THUMBS UP!  And, due to our phenomenal dining experience last night, will be making our next dining outing very soon to Cafe Zinho.",5.0
"Great spot and awesome food! The bartenders are cool and friendly, and always seems to be a busy spot. I would recommend checking it out if you get a chance for the good vibes, drinks, and food!",5.0
"The food is freaking amazing but the service is decent. Super laid back bar that I totally dig, I just wish the servers were more attentive. I usually sit at the bar top and get amazing service. It was also a slow day when we went.. it was during happy hour and we still had to wait about 10 mins to get serve.. about 10 mins to get our food order in and about 20 mins after our meal to get the check. Also my boyfriend ordered a Budweiser and received a warm bud light. However hands down the best spinach dip in town!",3.0
"Maria shampooed my natural hair when she was @ Sola salons.  She's @ Luxe now and recently straightened my hair.  My flat-ironed (natural) hair held its style for an entire week with absolutely no heat.  Did I say its the first time my hair had been straightened in almost a year?  Well it was.For anyone who is on a natural journey, Maria is the one to go to.  She is well versed in proper care for natural hair.  Whether you are rocking the natural state of your hair or straightening it, Maria will hook you up and at the same time insure that your tresses are healthy.",5.0
"This was my first job, back when it was called picnic-n-chicken and the recipes are awesome still. The fresh baked goodies have pulled back a bit with the gradual downsizing, which is understandable. C'mon Steve, pm me, we gotta explore a way to re-emerge this brand before it takes its last breath and a great fresh food icon is gone. My eighteen year old goes gaga when we head there for a gobbler sandwich, fries, and the mashed potatoes covered with fresh crackling gravy, and the chicken is fantastic.",5.0
"2 stars is the a fair rating I can give. The first star is the ambiance-it is a romantic place for a date. There was a live guitarist playing songs ranging from spanish music to love story by Taylor Swift. The 2nd star goes to the waiter who was with us (don't know his name but he was an older kind gentleman). He was very courteous and accommodating. 

Food: I ate during summerlicious and the food was not up to par compared to other establishments in terms of taste. Three of us ordered lobster. the luckiest person had a portion of lobster with generous sides, while me and another friend had a really small serving. 

Interfering, rude staff: When reserving our table we indicated that we preferred to pay separate bills. On explaining this to our waiter, another waiter overheard our conversation and stepped in and told us flat out 'No'. He said it wasn't the establishments policy to accommodate the option of paying separately unless we indicated it in the beginning of the reservation. He than turned to one of my friends who chuckled and informed him that this wasn't a laughing matter and it was very serious. The way he spoke to us was rude, as though we did something something bad. In the end our original waiter came back and we settled the one bill but split into different payments.

Maybe it was one of those nights where things got screwed up and maybe the rude waiter had a bad day; however, I still expect professionalism coming from the staff and also uniformity when it comes to the food.",2.0
"Loved it ..wife and i looking for place to eat as we were going up and down Scottsdale rd lucky she noticed the sign and we turned on thomas and pulled in..was impressed at decor new and nice..Hostess was very helpful in giving suggestions, server was also great. the owner gave us sample of their Caldera Margarita. whoohoo spicy.. we had regular Margs instead..the food was outstanding..chips and salsa to start , bean dip, and a green chile queso. wow..then we shared some apps that were on special for sunday evening..Had and awesome dinner with drinks for less than $50. cant say enough good things..they are new just opened couple months again..we really wish them luck wish was closer to home , but we will be back.. Nice bar and TVs.",5.0
"the people that work at this Sprint location are by far the most rude awful people I have ever encountered working in service. I came in to return a phone case I bought days earlier at a different sprint store and they turned me away very rudely saying they can't return it because they have different inventory?! It's a phone case!! They sell this same case at every sprint store, so now I have to drive all the way across town to go to the original store I bought it from? Since when does that matter? I buy something from Target am I expected to only return to the same Target I bought it from? I am more in just disbelief of house snarky and rude they all were staring me down almost like how dare you step foot in our store. I am never one to write bad reviews on yelp, I usually only ever wrote positive reviews but WOW! This was the worst experience and deserved this review!",1.0
"This was definitely one of the highlights of my last trip to Vegas. The tickets are on the pricey side at $20 per person and the aquarium is on the small side, but the animals are fun to behold and the design of the shark reef is very creative and impressive. There are small reptiles, snakes, rays that can be petted, piranhas, and other fish and animals. The shark reef is very cleverly designed by simulating the feel of an abandoned ship at the bottom of the ocean floor. Lastly, this is a good place for picture-happy people.",4.0
Ordered through Grubhub. The chicken tikka was excellent. Lots of chicken and the sauce was flavorful. Good naan and samosas too. Super quick delivery. Blows the other Indian delivery options in the area away.,5.0
"I love Baskin Robbins. I've never bought a whole cake in this place, but I tasted one of theirs at a party, and it was great. It had a tiny bit of freezer burn, but perhaps it was the host's fault. She bought the cake a month in advance.
I go inside and order sugar cones and sundaes. Occasionally I get a banana split (but don't tell my wife), 
I've never been disappointed. I get frustrated when a person, who is in front of me, wants to sample five ice creams, but what can I do...
Oh...I almost forgot. I've had a couple of milk shakes (strawberry), and they;re good, too.
They always have a wide variety of flavors. My wife gets one kind, and I get different one, and we share (awww). 
The service is fast. It's almost as if they drop everything to get my order up quickly.
Compared to other ice cream places, that I've reviewed, this place is very reasonably priced.
I would recommend this place.",5.0
"Carl Johnson is an amazing accountant and person.  We have been working with Carl since 2008.  We were referred by a family friend and have never regretted our decision to have Carl complete our taxes every year.  He is kind, effective, detail oriented, and goes above and beyond the expectations of his job.

I highly recommend Carl Johnson of One Source Accounting Solutions for all accounting services.

Keep up the great work Carl!",5.0
"I love Trader Joe's! This location is especially nice because it doesn't seem to get as crowded as some of the other locations (Tempe and Mesa). It's our go to place for wine, produce, meats, eggs, peanut butter, and then a bunch of other stuff that we end up randomly buying just to try out.",5.0
"Yep, no chicken.  There are dive bars and there are derelict bars. This is the later.  But hey, we all need someplace to drink. Now, I actually know someone who goes here. He's smart, well read, quite interesting.  He's the guy with the tattered book, a faded black eye, and the perfect, most pinpoint accurate insult waiting for you.  

This place is for him, not you.  Don't go.  You can't handle it. It's too gross, real, and you won't understand the IOU system. It's beyond linear thought.",1.0
"I tried it for the first time last week (Vaughan Location) and had the 'Udine' - a mouth watering pasta dish with cream sauce, roasted red peppers and goat cheese. The waiter was very friendly and the service was excellent.

I was so impressed with the service that I went again last night (Toronto Location) and the food and service was just as impressive at this location. I tried the Baked Goat Cheese Salad & the Bruschetta Pizza and they were delicious! 

All I have to say, is that I'm going again this coming Saturday night for dinner with friends and I can't wait! I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for excellent value for their meal and a great evening out.",4.0
The Cuban sammich is holy-shizz-damn good!,4.0
"Ooo~Ooo - pick me - i want to be review # 100 - that's a nice rounded number, for a bar which rounded out my otherwise not-so-fabby night downtown.

Not being a frequent patron of the downtown environment, it was interesting to pound the pavement previous to a broadway show, scouting out for a chic wine or martini bar.  I wanted to find a place close to the Herberger Theatre - you know: since parking is the cost of a martini!   Also, since I luv my red wine, I needed a good wine-by-the-glass list, (whch, considering how many sports bars i passed on the way.... pickings seemed slim...) and hubby luvs the dirty tini, hence a wine/martini bar a looking we went.  Some healthy, non-fried snacks would be nice by now too :-)

I'm happy to report that this establishment fit the bill on all accounts.  The dcor is sexy, sleek, and urban cool.  Everyone was dressed in office attire of suits, dresses or shirt & ties.  Sitting at the bar, it was good to see it only took a quick glance at the easily read menu to make a prompt decision.  The menu is great for making a fast and easy choice for a mixed drink, martini, white or red wine by the glass, and appetizers picks that were decipherable, (ie: nothing making you need to ask ""what the heck is this?"").

Our bartender was exceptionally efficient with serving, as well as understanding we were in for a quick nip, and needing to dash as soon as we enjoyed our drinks & a great little bar plate of pistachios, olives, salami, prosciutto, ciabatta and parmesan.  

Thanx for a good start to our evening, even though the show we saw sucked.... ah, well... c'est la vie - Not your fault Hanny's !",4.0
"It was my first time here n I have to say, I love this place!! Their AYCE dinner menu includes the Tapa menu. 
There was at least 10 of us at a table n our waitress was exceptional, our drinks always full, she always came by to take any more orders & the food came quickly.  Their Nigiri's was fresh, as for the rolls & Tapa's no complaints there, everything was on point.  I'LL DEFINITELY BE COMING BACK!!!",4.0
"Delicious food, fast service and excellent prices. The side dishes are super yummy :-)",5.0
"Cute little place with eclectic decor and a nice patio. The chicken pesto sandwich is so so good. You'll find lots of flavorful fresh ingredients here. The sweet potato chips are also good but wish they'd been served hot. Also they offered us a to-go cup for iced tea/lemonade which was appreciated.

Sunday Brunch has a great little assortment of dishes to fit both the breakfast or lunch crowd. Be sure you don't miss $5 glasses of prosecco ;)",5.0
"If you're looking for a crew cut or a fade this is the place to go. The barbers are nice, efficient and funny. Unfortunately I gave them explicit directions about how I wanted my hair cut (leave about 2"" on top) and I still ended up with almost a buzz cut. This is a good barber shop, but it's not the place to go if you have and want to keep your hair a bit longer.",2.0
"It has been a long time since I revisited Yogurtland.  However, after dinner at YardHouse, I felt like eating some taro yogurt with mochi.  

However, taro was not the only thing I got...there were so many flavors around the world!  That's what I enjoy most about yogurtland, they are dynamic.  The flavors evolved so that customers can always try new flavors.

We ended up with taro, passion fruit orange guava, Mexican Hot Chocolate, pistachio and of course, plain tart.  For some odd reason, I love plain tart.  So yummy with mochi on top.

Earl I and shared it and we were both satisfied with our $5ish dessert.",4.0
"I love this place! And walking around Town Square in 115F degree summers requires such a place. Self serve $0.30 per ounce, good variety of flavors, a buffet of toppings, what more could you ask for!! Well, maybe some indoor tables and more outdoor seating... Oh and the spoons are pretty cool.",5.0
"Awesome place.  This is a large facility that is really well maintained.  The staff members, everyone from the front counter person to the guys in the shooting range, were very nice and extremely helpful and patient with providing assistance, answering questions, and giving suggestions.",5.0
"ALTERNATIVE!!

That's what this place is and in the land of BIG chains, this only could add some spice. We were welcomed here to the free screening of Dale and Tucker Vs Evil as part of a Yelp event. The personnel is totally committed to their project. 

If you are looking some retro movies or the gender I don't enjoy (but others do - horror), this is a good alternative.",5.0
"Always love this place, great decor high energy and in crowd. 

Great alternative to burgers and pizza and healthy on top of that. My personal favorite is the Philly Cheese Steak Pita, never can go wrong. Good size portion and juicy prime rib meat with all the toppings.

Service is always quick and friendly with reasonable prices and fresh high quality food.

Not the easiest location to find, but when you have a great concept, people will seek you out and come to find it.

Plenty of parking

 Will certainly come back again",5.0
"Finally got to try this place.

Verdict: hot dogs were as plain as you can get, tasted just like a plain ol' Nathan's hot dog. I got the Vegas strip dog which had two hot dogs in one bun + mustard + ketchup + chili + cheese + guacamole + jalapeos. Basically they serve a plain hot dogs with various junk you can add on top. 

The fries were really good though. Perfect level of crispiness on the outside and fluffiness on the inside.

One other downside is that this place only has an outdoor patio for seating.",3.0
Start to finish a great meal.  Can't miss coconut milk crepe or pork belly. Bahn mi sando not my favorite but not bad.  One miss out of 2 apps and 4 entrees good in my book.  Servers were quick and friendly.    Dining room does get loud at peak time.,4.0
"Called the hotel before Christmas for a early check  the hotel said 12 noon good for u we said perfect. 
Upon arrival they said they had nothing for us at 2 pm and we would have to wait until 4. Pm 
Explaining what we were told fell on deft ears at the front desk. 
Asking them to check met with refusal 
Asked for the manager she check with  cleaning and they did have a double room as we planned to have 
I write this because they from t desk was clueless in wait to do 
Training wound work I'm sure",3.0
"It is a ver small vintage restaurant similar to sadie's dinner.  Their chefs are asian so that they have asian fusion dishes.  I came here for veggielicious because I was attracted by the food photos.  $25 for 3 courses plus smooth sounds good deal to me.   Having a Green smoothie as start off for the dinner was good.  The appetizer, entree and dessert were small.  But I could not stop eating.   I would highly recommend their veggielicious.   Good portion for one person and non big eater",4.0
"We had dinner here and were pretty disappointed. The hostess was rude and didn't want to be bothered which should have been our first sign. We ordered our food and appetizer and waited...and waited. We finally asked for bread and before that came - or our appetizer - here come our entrees. We were then brought our app and then the bread. My meal - Southern Fried Chicken & jalapeno grits - was inedible. I was told the chicken was double fried which probably explains why I thought I might chip a tooth trying to take a bite. The ""grits"" were runny and had a really bad flavor - orange?. My boyfriend had better luck with the short rib and pea mash, which was good. We both told the waiter how bad my food was and they did remove it from our bill. In addition to the food, the service was so-so. A few times, I found myself trying to flag down our server which is such a pain. Overall, not horrible, but won't return.",2.0
This is a great casual spot to hit up when you are in Vegas.  Thanks for the previous yelpers who recommended the reservation -- definitely a must.  Fabulous food!,5.0
"I guess it was an off day.

Our server was kind of clueless, and the food wasn't good.  My ""medium"" burger came out charred and crunchy, the side of mushrooms were WAY too salty, while the side of Brussels Sprouts seemed bland.  I wasn't impressed.

The decor is pretty great though.",2.0
Cute Place burger Was GOOD..not at all great very Dry and the bread dry as well fries were very good . Staff was nice food planet Hollywoodish. Cool place to have a beer more novelty than restaurant. . Grab a drink with friends and eat elsewhere.,3.0
Ate here on the 19th and it was the best meal we got in Vegas..the pretzels were delish and the Yorkshire fish and chips were the best I have ever had so moist and to thick and the chips were so different and good~~also go the Shepherds Pie and it was savory and so tasty~~but dessert takes the cake a triple choc triffle and a peanut butter and jelly cobbler were the total stars of the night~~will definitely eat here the first night every time we come to Vegas,5.0
"Good food, good portions.  Granted it is slightly expensive, we'll worth it.  Our table had the red wine braised short rib (probably best dish of the four we ordered), diver scallops, fish and chips, and blt sandwhich.  The short rib was extremely tender and had very food flavor.  Service was excellent as well.",5.0
"This is my go- to spot  for breakfast on the weekends where my family/friends and I come to catch up from the week. 

I usually keep it traditional with the 3 eggs and some kind of protein on the side. However I have tried the pancakes and they are by far the most fluffiest pancakes I have had without being too heavy. 

With the non-stop refills of coffee and the generous portions I can't complain. 

It might not be high end but if you're looking for a greasy spoon where you can get the best bang for your buck then this hits the spot !

The only downfall is that I work outside the city, and I can't take advantage of their daily breakfast specials. 

P.S. I would like to comment on the on Angelique's comment. On the debit machine you are able to select an other amount for gratuity. I have never had a problem with the staff here. Considering they moved you upon your request when a table was available away from the door, I think is actually accommodating.

Happy eating :)",4.0
"My boyfriend and I went for happy hour. Its was really good we has the calamari, beef sandwhich, Reuben. Was really tasty except for the ranch chips, I would not recommend to salty. Taste like They just put ranch mix seasoning on chips. Overall I recommend coming here!",3.0
This place is absolutely perfect if you're wanting healthy option with fast service and quality food/service. This location and Tempe are so cute and inviting. I have gotten the Teriyaki Protein Bowl twice and different lemonades both times. Highly recommend if you have food allergies because there are many options and everything is made to order.,5.0
"Interesting menu. We didn't know about the patio, so we ate inside.  On our way out, we did see the patio -- perhaps we would have enjoyed that.

The menu has many choices, and everyone enjoyed their meal except for one of us (she didn't care for the sauce on her spaghetti).  My Margherita pizza was good, but I didn't realize that I needed to order the Bufala Margherita to get fresh mozzarella.  Oh well.

Definitely on the pricey side for lunch -- I was a bit surprised at the bill we racked up.  

Service was friendly and polite, but somewhat inattentive.  They weren't that busy, and it seemed like our water bottle was always empty.  Four people go through a small bottle pretty quickly.",4.0
"I visited recently with 4 adults and 4 kids over the Christmas holidays. I haven't eaten here since before kids so was excited about returning. We ordered the calamari starter which the kids loved so much we had to add another order. All the pastas and pizzas we ordered were as I remembered, quite tasty. The problem was the service. I'm never impressed when servers try to memorize orders for a large group. He had to come back to clarify one of the orders (not a good sign). Then after everyone was half way through the meal and I asked about my pizza which I never received, the server came back to say they burnt it and had to make me a new one!! Yeah right.. He totally missed my order for sure. Then when he finally brought my pizza he blamed the kitchen again for burning my order. After that, he was hard to get a hold of as he was busy serving another large group. Although I received my dinner after everyone else in my party was done, it would have been nice if he gave me a comp dessert or something. But no, just the bill with built in gratuity. Anyways, I think there are better places now in the city to frequent.",3.0
"I was under the impression that this location like the one on Queen West was traditional and classic in terms of atmosphere, ambience, food and service. 

The food was commendable we had the special bruschetta with spicy strawberry jam/ricotta, an antipasto bruschetta and one with eggplant? and the special porchetta pizza topped with arugula. 

The only disappointment was the noise level. We were seated in the main dining room right after the entrance/bar. I thought we just caught the tail end of the  post-lunch work crowd (we dined around 130pm) but the rock music from the DJ located at the bar made diners speak excessively loud, we could here the diners beside us yelling at each other, we basically felt like we were at a pub on a Friday night. Not the type of restaurant to go to on a weekday lunch if you want to enjoy good Italian and be able to have decent conversation with the person in front of you. It may be more quiet on a weekend dinner, not sure. But other than that food, and service a plus.",3.0
Exceptional flavors and despite a slow start service was good as well!!! Great lunch specials!,4.0
"Carly at Bella Bridesmaid is the best! From the time I made an appointment to the time I picked up the dresses she was professional, courteous, and truly went above and beyond.  I am 10 times a bridesmaid and 1 time a bride and Bella Bridesmaid has been #1 so far!  Thank you for everything Carly and team!",5.0
Drove by this place a million times and decided to try on a Saturday and I have to say we enjoyed it. My daughter and I Botha got a skillet breakfast which was as good as homemade. Service was warm and friendly. We will be back,4.0
"Nice, clean updated bowling alley despite the slightly rough neighborhood.

The bowling alleys nearby my house are dirty, outdated, overpriced, and filled with obnoxious teenagers.

I had a Groupon for Let It Roll and went with my husband and son. We only payed $10 for 2 hours of bowling with shoes for an extra person.

We were so pleasantly surprised when we walked in. Nothing fancy but clean and modern. I would rather have something simple and updated then gawdy neon lights and bad upholstery and carpet like my neighborhood bowling alleys.

The front desk employees were friendly and efficient. 

They had a great mix of music playing. Hits from every decade mixed with today's top hits. 

They have a mexican restaurant inside the bowling alley that actually looks quite tasty. A friendly waitress approached us at our lane asking if we wanted to order. We just ate our dinner so we declined but I definitely want to try the food next time.

As we were leaving they were starting their cosmic bowling with a DJ. We only heard a few songs but the DJ was AWESOME! I was impressed that a bowling alley DJ could be so good. It was practically like being at a club in the middle of Scottsdale. We want to go back with some friends for a fun adults night out.

My only complaint is that the bartender was a bit unfriendly. I understand that sometimes people are having a bad day or moment so I always try to kill them with kindness and most of the time they pull through. Not so in this case. My warm smiles, pleases, thank yous, and good tips did not cheer up this bartender. When I asked for some lemon wedges for our pitcher of Shock Top you would have thought I was asking her for one of her kidneys. But curiously enough, she was friendly with the interesting characters that were obviously regulars at the bar. Hmmmmm...

Overall we had a great time at Let It Roll. I love when I have a Groupon for a place or service and I end up loving it! They made a returning customer out of me.",4.0
"I was craving Thai food in Vegas and did not want to go anywhere that was serving overpriced, fusion, Thai food on the strip.  So I found Thai Food To Go on Grubhub.  It was a great decision.  The pad thai was good and authentic with the pickled radishes.  The red curry was delicious (I could drink the curry).  The pad see ew was good with Chinese broccoli (the right kind) instead of American broccoli.  And the cashew nut chicken was delicious.  Make sure to also get the Thai iced tea (I got the big one).  It is huge and definitely enough to share.  I'd order from this place again next time I'm craving Thai in Vegas!  Also, the delivery and service was very quick and pleasant.",4.0
"This place was recommended to me by someone in SF, CA and he wasn't wrong. The tacos are awesome, margaritas are a bit strong (that's not a bad thing!), and you cannot miss the street corn (recommend getting it off the cob).",5.0
"Update:  French Dip was a little better this time. It's a shame that they don't offer shrimp cocktails, like the downtown location.  


Opening week:  Wasn't as good as the downtown location.  French dip seemed smaller.  Service was slow. I hope they work out the kinks.",3.0
"I've been going here for years (college and after) ! i love the atmosphere and the location.  Most of the staff I've encounter are overall friendly expect for the manager-a RACIST! I think here name is Lisa (unless they have more than 1 manager), she about 5'5, short dark hair, around 200 lbs. Not a very never friendly person, and also trying to start trouble with minorities.  So, if you are a minority and looking for comfortable place to hang out please call ahead and make sure she's not on duty! I'm not coming back until she's either quit or FIRED!  Sorry Tim Wallace (the owner), you are loosing quite a few customers with nonchalant manager around ya!",1.0
"You will not find a more clean bakery anywhere in the world.  Every time I am there, someone is wiping down windows or tables or the floors - it is always so clean, it's as if each day is their first day open.  The staff is incredibly pleasant, the atmosphere darling and the smell - very sweet and yummy.

Sadly, as a person with a chronic sweet tooth, I have never eaten anything at Sweet Tooth Fairy that I found to be delicious.  I have returned on several occasions (costing me an arm, a leg, a kidney and my first born) because my sister insists that it's ""so yummy"" but I have never been impressed.  I'm not a professional baker by any stretch of the imagination, but I prefer my cupcakes over theirs.  Maybe it's just me, though.  I do not really care for Georgetown Cupcake (D.C. Cupcakes) or Sprinkles, either.  :(",3.0
"OK...tried it and it was a solid OK.  Walk up to the counter to order, take a seat with a number card for your table and you get served.

Menu is straight forward and simple.  A number of offerings, all with options as to meat (steak or chicken), type of rice (brown or white) and style (the option chosen).  Very simple and there is a large menu board that you can peruse prior to the ordering station, so step aside if you are new to Pei Wei so the experienced hands can stream by you.

You can also order a beverage.  I ordered tea.  Got a hot cup and could only find the two containers of iced tea (sweet and unsweet) and an urn of hot water.  Ummm.  Other that rapidly moving servers there is no help available and being lunch time it was just a couple of chairs short of full.  I opted to put some iced tea into my hot cup and topped it off with hot water.

Portions are of two sizes: small and regular. I had the small and it was.  A measured scoop of rice and my main portion.  Should have ordered the regular which I spied at adjacent tables to be more generous.  If you are on a diet, go small.

This is an in and out place.  Order, sit, eat and go.  There are condiments, which, happily included hot mustard above the drink counter.  

Well run, very clean and tables were bused and reoccupied quickly.

The food was OK...sweet to my taste and lots of soy.",3.0
"I went in to labor on September 3rd with my daughter Lilly. I am a first time mom and was so scared of the labor ahead of me. I was greeted by the WORST nurse I have ever had in my life. I can't recall her name now but after the shift switch the assigned me the most AMAZING labor and delivery nurse any woman could ever have! She was attentive and gentle and so incredible. She was there every step of the way for me, explaining processes, holding my hand, encouraging me, and calming me during the scariest time of my life. For all other mothers out there I am sure you understand how incredibly important this was. At the end of my labor my doctor was running late and I panicked with fear that he was not going to make the delivery. Thank my lucky stars I had nurse Patty who is a veteran of child birthing and was able to successfully and confidently deliver my daughter because the doctor showed up about 10 minuets to late.

 The rooms after delivery are big and the rest of the nursing staff was nice including my personal nurses and the nursery nurses. The Anistesiologist that put in my epidural didn't give up on me even though it seemed like an almost impossible task to do due to my weird spine.  

But lets face it the real star of the whole process was Nurse Patty. Thank you nurse Patty for everything. You turly are a gurdian angel to me. Because of you, if I have any further children in the future  I will be going to P.V. Hospital hopefully on a night you are working.

-Elizabeth Smith and family",4.0
I've had two wisdom teeth pulled out by them and the dentists are really good. From the receptionist to the hygienist to the dentist. All provide great service. I love icon dental.,5.0
"As I knew I would be trekking around Las Vegas nightlife in 5 inch heels, I Yelped foot massage places before our arrival and found this place.  After Thursday (night 1) of partying, my feet were already sore from my heels.   Friday afternoon at around 3pm, I called Pure Foot & Spa to see if I was able to make an appointment at 3:30pm for me and two friends.  They said 3:30 would be fine and be sure to come to Pure Foot & Spa as there are a lot of non-professional massage places along Spring Mountain Road.  

We took the taxi from Palazzo which cost roughly $13 (not including tipping the cab driver).  Upon walking into the establishment, we were given tea and seated in large leather where there was only one other customer getting massaged.  

AMBIANCE:  A clean, relaxing environment with about 9-10 leather seats placed in two rows accompanied by ottomans.  Blinds and curtains over the windows to dim the place a bit while relaxing music is on the speakers.

MASSAGE:  This is not only a foot massage.  They start off by having you sit on the ottoman with your feet soaked in a tea type of water and massaging your shoulders, neck, shoulders, and arms for a good 20 minutes or so.  They then have you sit back into the lounge chair where they continue massaging your feet and calves with lotion.  

PRICING:  A banner hanging outside advertises a 45 minute massage for $28.  We opted for the 60 minute massage for $38.  Additional services are available for an additional cost as we seen the other customer getting his calluses taken off and laying across two ottomans getting his back massaged lying face down.  Prices do not include gratuity.  There is a $1 fee if you pay by credit.

PARKING:  Pure Foot & Spa is located in a small plaza, so there is a lot available.  

Overall, my massage was heavenly!  He was able to work through some of the knots in my back (I have A LOT!) and provide me with looser muscles.  He did miracles to my feet because I was able to wear my 5 inch heels Friday and Saturday nights without waking up with sore feet the following morning.",5.0
"I have been searching for good pizza in nlv for a while now with no success until I discovered this place. So far had pizza garlic knots and wings, my only complaint was the wings they were not crispy enough but good size, pizza is the bomb!",5.0
Best nail salon I have found in Henderson. Love the staff. First place I found that understand my nail allergies. They really take pride in their work and designs. Recommend to everyone I know.,5.0
"Bobcats, mountain lions, badass owls, porcupines who beg for bananas with their hands, a sweet old arctic wolf, a rescued leopard and a pack of coyotes big and small make this a very special place. Their mission is commendable and their care is great for those poor animals who humans took from the wild, prohibiting them from ever going back. Humans are the worst, but Southwest Wildlife does a good job helping to pick up the pieces and provide these animals with a happy life and copious snacks (Sundays are Rabbit Day). Highly recommend for anyone in the area.",5.0
great selection of cooking/smoking wood. They have reasonable prices and friendly customer service!,5.0
"We went here for me and my husbands 3 year anniversary. He had the salmon and I had the lobster, scallops, shrimp. The ambiance is so romantic and the service is amazing. The food was delicious and so fresh. We would definitely come back again for a special occasion. The live jazz music was awesome too! We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!",5.0
Absolute favorite restaurant in Vegas we call it our hidden treasure. I've been going there since it opened.,5.0
"I don't know about you, but I'm a bit tired of just about ANYBODY being able to buy an L&L Hawaiian Barbecue franchise...then sending it to $h!+.  Seriously, a lot of you L&L owners are doing it WRONG.  If you're not Hawaiian or a resident from Hawaii, fine.  But dammit, some of you HAOLE (foreigner) owners are ruining the Hawaii restaurant's name!  Please, please, PLEASE learn about Hawaiian culture and Hawaiian ways!  Read a book.  Hire at least a Hawaii resident or two for good measure.  Why are just about NONE of the L&L Hawaiian Barbecues here in the mainland nothing like the ones back in Hawaii?  I'll tell you:

1) Food
2) Service

Simple but means so much.  I love how the owners of the original L&L Drive-Inn back in Honolulu came from humble beginnings to now being some of the richest people in all of Hawaii.  Hard work, perseverance, and the spirit of entrepreneurship paid off for them in spades.  For them they deserve great props.  But something just comes off as not inspiring when you branch out too much from your roots.  I wish there was more scrutiny when selecting new franchisees!  They can affect a brand name so much!  I get concerned because back in my island days of Maui I used to eat L&L quite a bit, it's like fast-food comfort for locals.  The food then was simple, uncomplicated, plentiful, affordable, and made with some form of integrity.  Most times you knew the cook, the cashier, the help staff.  Eating at L&L was one heck of a pleasure and a treat back home when I was younger.  Why?  Because livin' in Hawaii is HAHD.  Yes HAHD.  Most of us locals 'no can' eat out that often since food so expensive...restaurant dining was something you looked forward to.  

So I care a lot when places like this become a bit 'bastardized' and start to lose the love.  Where is the love?  Sorry Black Eyed Peas, it ain't here.  I hate to say it, but the recent incarnations of L&L Hawaiian Barbecue are lacking authenticity.  Lacking punch.  NO MO' LOVE!  I am happy but at the same time I am sad.  While the original owners surely get lots of kickback for each L&L franchise started, a little piece of my childhood dies inside.  It cries, then dies.  Then dies again for dramatic effect.  

We went here because this is the closest L&L by our house.  Tucked in a former diner, this L&L is just a faade of what lies inside.  A mess.

I'll start with the service.  Seems this L&L (like many of them) is owned by yet another Chinese family.  All of the employees that day were Chinese, which I mean no disrespect (I myself am 1/8 Chinese), but many of them were just not very welcoming.  Our cashier wasn't rude, but she wasn't exactly inviting either.  The cooks were hastily shouting out orders in Chinese, and food was constantly just being slopped into containers.  I suppose since it was busy all of us were being hurried along so our cashier could get orders in.  Not even a real ""Hello"" or ""Welcome to L&L"" when we entered.  Where is the local girl with the flower in her hair at the register that was always happy to see us when I was little?  Nani?  Lani?  Puanani?  No where in sight I'm afraid.  Like a candle in the wind goes my fond memories.

Even looking at the menu it's just not the same.  My nostalgia is kicking in but the prices for the food at L&L are kinda getting out of hand.  Really, like $8-$9 for a regular plate?  Even more if you like beef?  Whoa, brah!  Thought L&L was supposed to be a deal for families?  Expensive for what you get.

Next we'll go with the food.  I ended up getting my staple of a Chicken Katsu regular plate.  The wifey got the L&L Hawaiian BBQ Mix with teri chicken, teri beef, and short ribs.  The kid got a cheeseburger and fries combo with a drink.  

Overall?  Really below average.  Thankfully the rice was Calrose and it was made decently.  The macaroni salad was CRAP, too much on the watery side and not enough flavor.  I added extra shoyu, pepper, and Tabasco to liven it up.  The entrees?  Not so great.  Chicken katsu looked golden brown on the outside but was pretty flavorless.  Would it kill you guys to season the chicken before you fry it?  The katsu sauce was thumbs down, another mixture of ketchup with who knows what.  This is why I often carry a bottle of decent katsu sauce (like Bulldog) if I know I want katsu.  Wife's BBQ Mix plate?  She didn't like it.  Too little food, and not flavored correctly.  What is up with the SUPER thin slices of beef, chicken, and short rib?  Small serving that left her hungry.  The kid's cheeseburger?  MEH, just a cheeseburger.  Not even a hand made patty like we used to have back at L&L (or just about any Mom & Pop eatery) in Hawaii.  Bun wasn't even toasted!  Fries were just plain crinkle cut.

I wasn't gonna even bother with authentic Hawaiian eats like a bowl of saimin or a Spam Musubi.

This L&L is just all kinds of depressing for me.  Mr. Kam & Mr. Flores, if you guys are still around please visit your stores and bring back the Aloha Spirit!",2.0
Joe's Doughs currently sells their donuts Saturday's at The Daily Press and takes special orders throughout the week. They don't have a brick and mortar location as of now. Their donuts are a yeast donut base (however I believe they are working on some cake donuts). They are currently priced at 2 dollars/donut. I have tried the raspberry vanilla and the chocolate coconut donut. Both were very good but the chocolate coconut cake was my favorite. These donuts are better than Krispy Kreme! Sooooo good!!!! Make sure you get to the daily press at 9:30 because these donuts go fast!,5.0
"Nice little turo-turo place.  Nothing like a ice cold glass for sago't gulaman in the blazing heat of Las Vegas.

The place was nice and clean.  Reminds of the ones in the Bay Area.  Their kare-kare is yum!  Reminds me of my mom's.  

So Kapit Bahay...glad to have you as a neighbor.  Would definately come back for the drinks when I'm around your area.",4.0
"Steve from plumbing king was great,he gave me a fair quote on repairing my toilet drain which another company said it would cost so much more cause they had to chisel out all the concrete around it and replace all the PVC piping,Steve paitiently chiseled out all the old PVC pipe that was glued onto the existing pipe which cost me so much less and set everything up for the new toilet to go in, two weeks later after I did some tile work and bought a new toilet I called him to get it installed he was there immediately to install it as he knew we had lived with one toilet for long enough,I would recommend him to anyone and give him a five star rating.",5.0
"I tried Body Solutions as a Groupon offer. My sister and I bought 6 treatments for 2 small areas for $99. That's a steal if you ask me!

I decided to treat my forearms and chin. I had never been to a laser place before and had never recieved laser hair removal. I was hesitant but willing to try something to remove virtually pain free and more permanent to remove this unwanted hair!!

For the first few treatments, I didn't see a lot of results but was reassured by staff that it could take up to 6 treatments. Around my 5th treatment, I noticed a huge difference on my arm hair growth and was very excited! After my last treatment, I didn't see a lot of difference with my chin but did with my arms. I rarely shave those areas anymore and am very pleased with the results. 

Overall, the staff was friendly and very willing to answer any questions. I was able to schedule appointments on weekends, which was a huge convenience for me since I live far and work during the week. The place was clean and very professional. I would recommend this place for sure!",5.0
The ladies behind the counter were very helpful they explained the product very well and in a friendly manner. The food is delicious and I will be back again since it so close to CSN. I'm always starving after school.,5.0
"Dennys is an institution of late night. I don't need to review the food. You go because you love to savor that greasy sunny side up egg at midnight. You go to hang out, linger, and not get rushed out. You go for a cheap, reliable meal. You go because...why not? Everyone should experience a late night Dennys at least once. This was a weekly favorite for me in high school. My palate has evolved since then, but I tell you, Dennys is still giddy fun.",4.0
"We had a very nice room, I can't deny this. However, every time they could sneak a charge in, they did. We had prepaid our room on points, but they still tried to stick us with extra fees. When I argued, they agreed the fees were already pre-paid with the points. At the restaurant we were over charged repeatedly and I have had to correct them several times.  They told me they were crediting me. But only emailed the larger bill to me. The fight goes on to keep this charge honest. It's a very nice hotel, but you need to keep your eyes open.",2.0
"Kind of pricey for a burger but not bad. I've never had a steak burger before and it was pretty tasty. I especially enjoyed the crispy ends of the burger. The fries are really thin, not really my thing but they weren't bad. Clean in the eating area and condiment area. Next time I'm trying one of the ice cream sandwiches made out of nutter butters!",4.0
Great reflexology.  Came for the couples package and left refreshed. Can't beat the deal.  Will definitely return,5.0
"My family and I have gone to Dickey's for years, so we were happy to finally get one in Surprise.  However, when we walked in we didn't even recognize the place.  Different menu, no ice cream machine.  This is no Dickey's, this place sucks.",1.0
"The bartender wasn't very friendly (this was 10:00pm, Thursday Oct 4).  Not that he was mean, but just wasn't very welcoming.  It also took a long time for him to ask me for a second drink.  I had to keep looking at him to get his attention, and it's not like the lounge was busy.

The musical act was good though, the ambience was demure.  The noise level was low to moderate.  I'd go back.",3.0
"I have been coming to the Hub pretty much since it has opened. I will say the food is amazing. There is not one thing that I have ordered that is not good. The crowd is always comforting, lots of regulars. The one thing that I have noticed is the turnover, but that happens everywhere. Overall, this is hands down the best restaurant in Mesa. I love the new remodel and can't wait to see what happened next as they continue to grow!",5.0
"Love this place! They have such delicious, fresh and unique gelato flavors. The staff always greet you with smiles and let you try all the flavors you want before making up your mind. The rest of the menu looks great too, from the shakes to the crepes. I don't know why they never took their Christmas decorations down but I like that they have board games for you to play and that they are open late.",5.0
Woman behind the counter was cold as ice. I needed to break a $10 and she said I had to purchase something. No thanks! They were plenty friendly in the bank next door when I asked them to change my $10.,1.0
"Pros
-very friendly
-talkative stylists
-flexible scheduling
-cheap 
-sometimes have specials
-good results

Cons
-messy salon
-takes forever (at least 3 hrs)
-took too long to do all the work
-unprofessional atmosphere (answering calls while doing hair, etc)
-not an upscale experience
 
All in all, I wouldn't be a regular here b/c the time issue is a big problem for me. I just don't have all day to spend in a salon. I think with a little polish and more professionalism this salon could be great, in the meantime I'll be at another salon.",2.0
"This church has become our home.  If you are looking for a place that is non-judgmental and is looking to serve the people of Charlotte then you owe it to yourself to try this place out.  The pastor is awesome, he has written many books and is very genuine in my opinion and I've been to a lot of different churches.  Their children's program is amazing and my 8 year old loves it!  The bottom line is the church has so much to offer that you really owe it to yourself to just try it out.  This place has changed my life. Think about what it would mean if you went and the message spoke to you and you could start to change your life!",5.0
"Overpriced and understaffed. I usually have to wait 30 minutes to be seen, and the 'doctor' works on several patients at the same time. I have been in a 'treatment room' with as many as five other patients. Needless to say, can't get personalized attention with so many individuals in the room at once. 

They have a 'member special' offer, where you cough up about 100 bucks, then some of your visits are billed at 1/2 price, but not if you're getting any other kind of 'treatment'. In other words, skip this one for your health.",2.0
"First time ever going here... Had the basil rolls for an appetizers, probably the best I've ever had at a place like this. The thaitini was a lot better than I've had at other places as well, tasted more like they actually made the Thai tea and not like some sugary powder mix. Everyone's meals came out delicious and presented nicely. Huge serving!! So I feel it was well worth the money. We showed up very close to closing time by I didn't feel like they were trying to rush us out. Fast and friendly service, great atmosphere and delicious food. I will most certainly be going back here and recommend it to anyone who enjoys the heat of spices without the pain involved.",5.0
"This is my number one must go to place in Vegas. It's this odd mix of a dive bar but in a way only Vegas can do it. It's nice, but it's casual. You still feel like you are in Vegas but just at ease. 

I spoke with Jennifer Olsen who was very helpful for my large party. Our sever, Quinn was an absolute delight and we all talked about her the next day. She helped make rockhouse the most memorable part of our time in Vegas. Can't wait to go back!",5.0
"I've ordered a few things from their menu so far.  Their specialty pizza's are awesome.  I've had their gyro and buffalo chicken; both of which, were great.  Their pizza dough is great, maybe store bought but it doesn't matter.  Once their was too much flour on it, but that was it. 

I didn't like their Italian sub though, just seemed like lower quality meats on it and american cheese.",4.0
"Their large pizza 3 topping special is everything! 

I don't find myself craving pizza much, but when I do this is one of the places I go to. It's located quite close to my house so the location is very convenient. I believe the owner is an older man and he is always SO friendly. Frankly, he's the reason why I find myself coming back (I mean, other than their delicious pizza) 

I haven't tried any of their other foods, but if their pizza is anything to go by I'm sure it's just as amazing. 

Hopefully my pizza craving comes back soon so I can make a pit stop here.. Haha.",5.0
"wow! i was soooo surprised. this place is great for the price.

you have to get the all you can eat for 22.95
for the price, the quality is decent. i give it an A- on a AAA scale

it is a regular sushi bar menu, some things are limited to 1 order per person such as uni, oyster & sweet shrimp (which are all delish!!!!

the rolls are good, they are not ""all you can eat stingy"" if you know what i mean. they do not over load you with rice & skimp you on the fish.

i recommend the kaya roll

the appetizers are good, and so are the skewers. 

i love this place!! highly recommended to anyone coming to vegas & they dont want to spend a whole lot on the strip!

i will def. come here more than i love sushi on the eastside, just for the great price & my full tummy :)",3.0
"If you want some deliciously fresh Chinese food, come check out this place. They are having their grand opening going on right now, it's that new. My husband and I decided to try it out, and we were not disappointed! We were greeted right away upon entering and seated right away. Our waitress took our drink order and quickly returned with the drinks. She gave us time to review the menu. They have two options for sizes, Large which comes with white or fried rice, or the combo which includes an egg roll, fried wonton, 1 crab puff, fried rice and egg drop soup.
I opted for the Large garlic shrimp with white rice. My husband and I shared this as the Large is enough for two people. Be prepared to take a doggie bag home with you. The entree was delicious and arrived quickly. This dish is a bit spicy for my liking, but not overpowering spicy. The rice was cooked perfectly. They do take out, but not delivery. Our waitress was by several times to check on us and was very friendly and attentive.
The place was clean, tastefully decorated and had TV's.  We will be back for eating there and ordering take out to eat at home!",4.0
Loved Ron..he was sooooo friendly!   He was sitting outside when we got there and immediately jumped up out of his chair to have his pic taken with my sister and me.   He was so hot!  Also enjoyed the tour..very interesting.,4.0
"I cannot believe I haven't left these guys a review! DH and I met my father and his wife in Vegas January 2011 for a mini-vacation. My dad is a huge fan of the show so why not go visit. We were given a tour of the place by a young man (no idea who he was) and everyone seemed really nice. DH and I had not watched the show before, so we did not know who was who. After the tour, we ended up in the small gift shop. Everyone was super nice, so we of course had to buy some items. I mean, who goes on a free tour and doesn't buy something? A few coffee mugs and t-shirts later, DH and I were ready to go. My dad was talking to a tall lady and ended up getting his picture taken with her. After we left, he said she was Rick's girlfriend. Thought that was neat.
Maybe one day I will surprise my dad by having them restore one of this visible gas pumps. If you are going on a tour, be sure to BUY something from them to show your appreciation for their time.",5.0
"I was actually  having a great day and a slight charge on some very average sauce would not ruin that nor make me say anything  that wasn't true. The food was nothing special, service  was rude ( as people can now read by the owner's bitter  tone)  and there are much more authentic greek places and better quality (even basic) gyros around. Simply  IS an appropriate  name though...",1.0
"Clean, great price, great service
We got the $50 for 90 min. They spend their time on whole body, not just the feet.
They are good with pressure for this price. It will be my togo spot every vegas trip",5.0
"Outstanding customer service!  My situation was different as I purchased all BMW OEM parts separate from the shop.  Sam informed me he'll have to check with his boss because they did not want to commit to the job using customer supplied parts.  We worked out an arrangement to where Sam and crew reviewed my parts, installed them professionally and had my car back promptly.  Very honest, communication was great.  And one of the most important factors was their pricing compared to dealership costs.  Thanks again, only BMW shop I'll go to!",5.0
"This place was okay. The atmosphere is really nice, but the food is quite bland. It also took a long time for us to receive our meal. I got the garlic knots, which were flavorful but kind of dry, and the margherita pizza, which was not flavorful.",2.0
So many amazing options! Designed and had my plate printed in less than ten minutes. Great service and prices! They also make decals.,5.0
"This place is Awesome! Great food, cheap drinks, and a fun crowd. If you want to see where the locals go.... This is it",5.0
"Amazing service and good vet choices in the food court which besides basil box I never eat at. 

I like the choices that it provides and definitely better than other ""asian"" food in the area. 

Would go back again for sure",5.0
"We had company from out of town so wanted to impress them with what we thought would be the best.... WRONG!!!!  5 orders of Prime Rib, one order of Sea Bass  one order of prawns with crab... Nothing was special.. The prime Rib was so tough could hardly chew it.. When we asked for a ""to go"" bag she actually brought a plastic bag..... Ya think? To wrap a $45.00 dollar hunk of RARE meat in.... Must say, it was the worst experience that we had in Las Vegas... Would not recommend it, will never return.",1.0
"I like the look of their stuff, but the service was terrible. It took forever for no reason, at least 3 times as long because staff weren't doing anything, and they did not move the process forward.",2.0
"Rad little store of treasures, finds, vintage pieces, industrial bins, and more! The out back rusty area has awesome letters, industrial pieces, giant springs, and huge metal things, begging to be made into some sort of country-esque art piece. If you are into Fixer Upper on HGTV or like a bit more industrial funk in your life, this is the place. It makes me yearn for a place in my house for six bright orange, heart-shaped stools. Or, a giant, industrial butcher block table...There's so much here I would happily make space for in my abode. Prices are super reasonable for this kind of curated store as well!",5.0
"best pizza ever love it its super delicious and made to perfection! Ive been coming to circus circus ever since i can remember, the pizzeria has such great food from the pizza to breadsticks to salads and spaghetti and a lot more of delicous foods. I come here everytime i am in vegas for lunch. Definitely one of the best pizza spots in all of las vegas!",5.0
"Every time I'm in Vegas, I always make it a point to visit the Bellagio fountains.  For some reason, it's just relaxing to watch the wonderfully choreographed  fountains dance and twirl in complete unison to the chosen song of the moment.  

Personally, I prefer to watch the fountains at night since there are also lighting effects, albeit tiny, used in the show.  Also, I believe after 8pm, the shows are every 15 minutes so you can enjoy this wonderful attraction all the more!

Bottom line:  A must see attraction for every Vegas traveler!",5.0
"Their soups are really good. I enjoy their taquitos with the rice and beans. I wasn't a huge fan of their Chile Relleno. I've had way better elsewhere. Their teak fast items are yum, too.",3.0
"About every other week, I love taking my son here to enjoy the arcade. Always enjoy ourselves and love the ""happy hour"" credits they run during the day.",4.0
"If you remember George from Pat's on Simpson Ave, you'll find him down the street at his own shop.  He does excellent work and he always remembers what I like and knows what won't look so good on me.  Traditional barber with great rates and good conversation.  Don't forget to tip!",5.0
Absolute best car wash in the area and always a friendly staff in both the car wash and the store.  The store itself is always clean and well stocked.,5.0
"I had looked at this officiants reviews and tried to set up a time to meet up with him...but before i could confirm a time and date, he was already waiting at Starbucks for me and blamed me for standing him up...me and my fiance... like many other people work long hours and i tried setting up another time and he said he didn't want my business. I apologized to him and asked if he could just at least meet me half way because he wanted to meet up really far from where i live and he said he couldn't believe i had the audacity to ask him that...he didn't even give us a chance just because we had a miss-communication on times and dates to meet up..and he said i needed to show respect...i can't imagine a worse experience with an officiant before even hiring him...",1.0
"My wife and I decided it was time to refresh the landscaping in our front yard and we wanted something different, something modern. After reading many reviews, we decided to give All Terrain Landscaping a call, and I am sure glad we did. The brother and sister team of Adam and Natalie are at the top of their game. Adam came out and asked us a few question and took some pictures of our house. Within a week I received an itemized quote for the job. My wife being a very visual person, ""what the heck is a gabion cage?!"", asked Natalie if we could see a rendering of her design. Within a few days Natalie was knocking on our door with her computer to show us her 3D design. All I can say is we loved it and didn't change a thing! We signed the contract on the spot. From this point forward the transformation of my front yard was like clockwork. Natalie, Adam and the whole crew always showed up on time and completed each phase on schedule. I would give them an A+ for their communication skills and accessibility. If I did have a question I usually got an answer back within minutes. The quality of their work was first class. By now you can tell I was very satisfied with the work All Terrain Landscaping did for me. I would highly recommend them to my friends and neighbors!",5.0
"This is one of the hidden gem of the north sideline sure, and it's across the street from work.  I'm a lucky boy!",5.0
"got a great little car for a week - it was clean, affordable, and the people were very nice.  will definitely go back when in town!",5.0
"The receptionists need to learn to be discreet !    I've been 3 times, and when I enter, I tell them my name and  my appointment time.  EVERY SINGLE TIME,  she has to announce  ""You're here for a brazillian?""    How low class can you get?   Why don't they just use a megaphone and let EVERYONE know why I'm there.    It's embarrassing and infuriating,  they do not need to do this.  I booked it online and I choose EXACTLY what I wanted, so why do they have to humiliate their clients?  There were 3 girls behind the desk when I went in, and 2 customers lined up to pay for their services, and they all heard it.    Well, they won't have the chance to do this again, I won't be back.",1.0
I'm very disappointed! Their yogurt doesn't taste as good. Not as creamy and flavorful as it used to be. I don't know what changed but hopefully they fix it!,2.0
"If there was an option to review without any stars this would be a great case. I was very upset and chose to not tell her how I felt. I went in for a brow wax and came out with thin uneven eyebrows. I was very specific that I just wanted a clean up and did not want the actual eye brow messed with. When I looked at them I noticed half my eyebrow was missing. The woman tried to tell me that I was not looking at them correctly. How can you employ or authorize someone to do a service they cannot perform? I will never ever walk into Regis again.  Biggest mistake ever.

**side note: i was washing my face and my left eyelid burned, i looked in the mirror and saw that either i have a burn or my skin was lifted. Seriously? Shitty eyebrows and now skin missing??",1.0
After a long search for a nail home I have finally found one! I love this place Vanessa is amazing does my styles exactly how I want them!!The office is very welcoming and the staff is nice as well.,5.0
"Reserved Vinh as our wedding DJ two weeks before the wedding (recommendation by our wedding coordinator at Bali Golf Club). In those two weeks, Vinh was able to get a sense of our personalities and gave us the best party of our lives! To my surprise, Vinh stopped by our rehearsal to meet us. I am glad he did, because it was the perfect opportunity for him to touch base with my coordinator, photographer and myself. 

Vinh gets the crowd going! He is funny, goofy and personable! It is his mission to deliver on what you want from your DJ/MC. He is open to ideas. He even attempted to practice his non-existence Vietnamese for us (his idea)! He suggested an unique grand entrance as well! Got all our guests all hyped up! My guests did not leave the dance floor unless it was for a drink. Multiple guests could not stop raving on how our wedding was the most fun wedding they have ever been to! Thanks to my dream team!

Don't be that couple with the boring DJ that doesn't say a word and just plays the same playlist at every event! Vinh is worth every penny and you will not be disappointed!",5.0
"I've heard soo many great things about beach hut deli so I just had to come in a try some of their subs. Came in with my boyfriend and first we thing noticed was the decor and ambiance, which was great. We were greeted once we came in and the place just looks awesome, plus there's outside seating! On their menu they have very fun names for the subs and it was so hard for me to decide since they all seemed really good. My bf got the ""big kahuna"" and I got the ""drakester"" after the worker highly suggested it to my indecisive self. We were both disappointed. Idk, they were both just missing the ""wow factor"" haha. Or maybe we just had super high expectations from the reviews. Nonetheless, fun spot with awesome happy hour deals and they even do some occasional celebrations with beer pong etc! Pretty awesome! Maybe we just need to try something else next time",3.0
Great place for an awesome time and great food. Some of the best sandwiches in town. Steve and Courtney are great hosts.  Beach hut is a nice place to relax and hang with friends.  We go for trivia night every Thursday.  They have a great selection of craft beers on tap.  And the surfin bird is by far the best thing on the menu.,5.0
Great food great service and very quaint. Nice outdoor seating.,5.0
"First time dined in ,,,, impressive with their serving. Great for lunch special..... 2nd time ordered take out,,,, whoa!!!! Half of the size as if somebody already ate half of it... Not sure what happened.... 3rd time dined in lunch special,,,, yup serving surely got smaller,,,,,....we still eat here occasionally.


Update: pricey ..... Got higher.....",2.0
"I sent my phone to them to replace a shattered screen and ever since I got it back the battery had been turning on and off, the placed the front camera off-center, and the phone hasn't been getting any bars. The only reason this isn't a 1 star review is that i'll be going to the store this week and replacing the battery but I expect that they will at least recenter the camera and fix the phones antenna for free since the problem on rose ever since they fixed it.",3.0
"I'm a veg so you'd think I'd love this place.  The thing is I do...well their food at least.  But their service is pretty crappy. Yet I keep coming back hoping that one day it changes, a year later...NO CHANGE. 
They take FOREVER to bring your food out. I'm talking AT LEAST 30 minutes but that's on a slow night. Up to an hour on a busy night. 
Tonight,  they ""forgot to put my ticket up"". Really? Yet you managed to bring out half my order before realizing my ticket went missing?? There were 2 parties here before me, how hard is it to put up a ticket on such a slow night. So I have been waiting now for 48 minutes! 
The review from Robert L. said it most perfectly! Please refer to his review as well.",2.0
"My husband was raving about the all natural beef burger. He said he would have to take me to try one because it was absolutely delicious!!  He said it was juicy and the bun was really, really good. No fries necessary with his meal because the burger satisfied his appetite completely!! I will definitely go with him to try one. I haver tried the Western Bacon Cheeseburger; they're delicious too!",5.0
"Great team. Chad and Travis made it easy for the kids xmas present! Process was smooth and easy. Kids will enjoy their rzr, quad and crf . Went. Ack a few weeks later to pick up another quad. Chester was awesome and has great follow up ensuring we were happy with our initial purchase. Jake from the parts dept. is phenomenal. Takes his time  and makes sure you're all set! Highly recommended!!",5.0
"My Old Town Scottsdale bar hop was supposed to be over.  I was just at my limit and was ready to get back to the hotel but then wait - what is that???  A tiki bar???  Well I am a sucker for a tiki bar so I decided to extended the bar hop to another drink, which turned into many, which turned into too many!!!  

From what I remember.....   it was a very unexpected find in old town.  A very strange choice/location/interior but I loved it!  The drinks were so good, as I said, I many have enjoyed them a bit too much.  I really do remember that every one on the menu looked great and each one I ordered was amazing.  Would love to go back again some day, this time at the start of a bar hop instead of the end.  If you are into tiki bars or looking for something different in old town you should check it out.",4.0
"I only go here for grooming! (I have had my maltese/shihtzu mix just get a bath and brush and wasn't thrilled. She left with knots still in her hair)
BUT....
I love Suds! She does the best grooming. I am super specific about what my dog needs and she follows it everytime. She loves my dog and that makes me feel better about leaving her there. Daisy gets a custom grooming everytime!",5.0
"After staying Carefree for the month of April ,2012 I looked for a barber shop and have to say that this is one I would love to bring home to Boston.Dave gave me two cuts in April, he is just  an excellent barber and very reasonably priced. I usually go to my barber every six weeks or so.But I had to have one to go!!!!!!! Thank You Dave ,and hope to see you next time I am in town. Five stars and two thumbs up, Mark",5.0
"Great bagles and great ciabatta! We had one of the breakfast bagles with bacon, one with salmon, one specialty bagel and a chicken-pesto ciabatta. All is made to order and 100% fresh! We loved it! But keep in mind, that the quality makes it a little bit more expensive ;-)",5.0
I have been going to Megan for about 2 years now and could not ask for a better brow artist! My brows were a DISASTER (over tweezed and uneven) and she helped me embrace my thick brows. I absolutely love her work and will recommend everyone to Megan! I absolutely love the shape of my brows now and the technique she uses. Make an appointment with Megan! You won't regret it!,5.0
"Ok, coffee plus mexican coke? The royal soda is pretty much the perfect mix of magic. Coffee lovers must try this unique beverage!",5.0
"When you're craving some local food Aloha Specialties has got it. It'll satisfy your cravings. 

Quick warning, they close 9p on weekdays and 10p on weekends. But they closed early on Christmas eve and didnt put a sign up. Sadface.",3.0
"We ordered the salt and pepper chicken which was pretty standard but it had a lot of little bones.  The beef noodles was alright as well.  Considering this place is supposed to be known for desserts, it wasn't very good.  We got the golden sago w/ sweet coconut noodles.  We were hoping that it would be like the place near us (Dessert Kitchen) and it wasn't.  The coconut noodles were... hard?  dried?  I don't know how to describe them.  They are cut wider than Dessert Kitchen's which would've been fine except for their texture.  They should be soft, yet chewy with that fun-in-your-mouth goodness.  These were not unfortunately and the soup was a thick, mango-y mess that coats your throat.  Definitely too sweet.
As for the bubble tea, I got the brown sugar milk tea, 1/2 sweet.  It was SUPER sweet.  I can't imagine what full sugar would taste like.  There was also very little tea flavour.

Perhaps some of the other menu items are better?  I'm not sure if I'll chance it.",2.0
"Not much I can say that hasn't been mentioned already. I really like when the owner takes the time to come out and see if your enjoying your meal like this guy does, really nice guy. Food is great and the soda selection is super cool, the prices are very reasonable. You will spend MORE at the drive thru so instead go give your hear earned $$ to a local joint who appreciates the business.",4.0
Waited on immediately and served drinks fast.  Our waitress was very accomodating and professional?,4.0
"This is place is my new favorite spot, I tried mad house coffee and it wasn't the place for me. This has nice soft music, but there is a downside if you can't listen to soft/slow music or it makes you sleepy than maybe this isn't the place for you. Most people are too busy studying that they don't even make a noise. So that what makes me happy because I can study peacefully without being bothered by multiple things. Their is limited seating so either wait or come another time. I highly recommend this place to study and have a snack.",4.0
"New York New York had been my Hotel & Casino for many years till I stopped visiting Vegas for a few years, last year (September 2014) I went back to Vegas and I could not stay at a different Hotel & Casino than New York New York. Well, it is still awesome as it used to be and maybe more. Great and very clean rooms, good restaurants, good and not crowded bars, variety of shows, great customer service and clean and ample casino. The only star I am not giving to them is because the gentleman at the check in was really really slow, while other cashiers attended 2 or 3 people he just attended me; I would say it took him more than 30 minutes. Otherwise, NY NY is my place in Vegas and it has been for almost 20 years; and I will be back again this September 2015!",4.0
"I will be kind and give them four stars. Good chinese, and very busy at lunch. Good place for Chinese in downtown PGH.",4.0
"I love this place.  The food is excellent.  Their sandwiches are the best and the best salads and soups.  I wish they bottled their tomato vinagrette.  The blue plate specials are wonderful too and usually sell out in the afternoon.  The eat-in space is quite small with outdoor furniture so not super comfy but I still love it.  I love the little back tucked away corner.  Great place to have lunch, read and people watch; perfect break from work.  P.S. I have used them to cater meetings and they did great as well.",5.0
"It's been hard to find great breakfast joints in Phoenix for some reason. And then I found Biscuits!!!! If you're looking to splurge on the calories and have a relaxed home style atmosphere...then this is the place! 

If you love biscuits and gravy...then you have to order them here!!! I'm pretty sure I have never had better. Eggs over easy were a little greasy, so maybe an omelet would be the better choice. Bacon is always crisp and hash browns are really good. 

Service is great. I've been 3 times and have no complaints!!",4.0
Such good food...portions are as large as what fits. Bummed you had to pay for the to go box and toppings for ice cream but so yummy.,4.0
"There is a great selection of stores here. Waterworks Mall has something for everyone : Barnes and Noble ,  Walmart , Justice a movie theater, Panera Bread, and party City, just to name a few. I take the kiddies to buy costumes for Halloween from the Waterworks Party City and the selection is huge. 

I really have no complaints for Waterworks. 

On my latest visit, I had to purchase birthday gifts for my younger sister who is 11. 

I stopped into 5 Below loaded up on candy, found a gift bag, tye dye shirts and some wall decals. Then headed over to Barns and Noble and found a origami book for her.


Really a top notch shopping spot and since it's a strip mall you get a mix or open air space and shopping.

I  enjoy every visit to Waterworks Mall and look forward to visiting soon!",4.0
I went in knowing exactly what I wanted. The sales person Rocio was really nice and attentive and she has my name which is rare and awesome. I wasn't there more than 15 minutes and I had my purchase paid for and on my way to the warehouse to put it in my truck. The warehouse guy was nice too and made sure to secure the furniture to my mom's specifications which (mexican mom's can be demanding) overall good purchase and a neat time at Living Spaces Phoenix.,4.0
"All I can say is, amazing. Lilly was spot on with her reading, I was blown away. She gave me the clarity I was looking for. I am so impressed by her ability to see me for who I truly am and her sincerity in everything she says. I will definitely be coming back for future readings- I had an incredible experience.",5.0
"Yuck. I went around 2:30 am to the 24 hour pickup. The food was greasy, doughy, and tasteless. It might be the worst Mexican food I have ever had.",1.0
"Wonderful sushi and sashimi, great service, and friendly staff. The garlic edamame and tuna sashimi is awesome.",5.0
"Amazing sushi. Had the spicy tuna rolls, Philadelphia rolls, and gyoza. Best sushi I've had in awhile. Service is ok.",5.0
Love this store for the prices! Bought cute bedroom set! They are online competitive and got delivered quick! Will go back for desk next :),5.0
"A little secret hidden in the Hawaiian marketplace, Tamba was a surprising find and the quality was outstanding.

I was with a party of 5 and we all got something different and spent the evening swapping tastes of each others dishes. I myself had ""Palak Paneer"" and ""Yellow Rice"". The paneer was excellent and generous portions of tofu. The rice was nearly perfect but just a tad undercooked/dry but worked well as a mix with the paneer wrapped up in fresh nan.

The dishes and the restaurant are well presented with authentic palettes and decor. The music was subtle an unobtrusive and the waiter was superb.

While this restaurant is in Vegas, the prices were a little high than I'd normally expect but are a pretty good deal considering the location. Good deals can be had if you check the normal coupon books. There are specific ones for Tamba that could have saved us a bit.

With all that said, while the food was excellent, the staff was superb, and the atmosphere was inviting, the restrooms were atrocious. I was pretty shocked considering the dining experience to find the bathrooms somewhat trashed and unkept which worried me a little.

Overall I still give Tamba 4/5, but please folks, take care of those frightening bathrooms and you'd easily be a 5.",4.0
Wonderful atmosphere and amazing food! We look forward to seeing those that work here. Devon always makes us feel welcome and Carrie is my favorite! We will be coming back for sure.,5.0
"Just moved into town from New Orleans and was hurting for immaculate cocktails and this place kills it. Love the drinks, food, atmosphere and service. I can't recommend this place enough!",5.0
"I've been about 6-7 times with my 3 kiddos. The play area in the back is adorable, modern and well kept. The toys are super nice! Their chai tea is the best! The owner is the nicest most friendliest guy ever, walks around and talks and jokes with the customers. It's 2 bucks per kid to play but I think that's fair. It's a really great place for families..pretty much a dream come true for moms and dads.",5.0
"Oh Postinos, I always have a great time when I go there.  As usual the wine and bruschetta was amazing.  I had the Merlot-Cab Franc blend which as delicious.  Thank you for always being so amazing to your patrons!",4.0
"Like what Jennifer mentioned, I, too, got really excited that Symposium Caf was opening. 

It has opened about a month ago - i just got back from a business trip and haven't ate and thought this would be a great time to pay a visit at this location. 

I have been going to Symposium since I was in my teens -  before it was Symposium, it was called Plantations. 

Ordered today's special, manager served us,  and I was very pleased with my overall experience at this location. From juicy burger to ice cream sandwich dessert. 

I am looking forward to the breakfast menu. =)",4.0
"It's a tad small, and dark. So just be warned. The atmosphere is grey though and so is the music, deep house. Guess it will be replacing my footwork :(",3.0
"Definitely a cool place in Vegas if you have a kid!  Cost about $25 for a wristband to go on most rides , which include bumper cars, roller coasters, Ferris wheel, air hockey, etc. They have mini golf which I think was $6 each and that was fun.  You play mini golf while the roller coasters zoom over your head.  They have an arcade with old school games like Donkey Kong and Galaga and Ms Pacman.  There's also an area for carnival games to win cheesy gifts, like a stuffed animal.   For myself I'd give it 3 stars, but because it made my son really happy on the bumper cars, it gets 4 stars.",4.0
So glad Adrian moved to this new spot. He gave me a perfect haircut today and trimmed my beard up real clean. Thanks!,5.0
"This location is a disgrace!!!   The landscaping is full of weeds, parking lot littered with trash, front door is broken, the smoking canister is tied with rope to a column, lobby is littered with forms on the floor, label backing on counters & not a pen in sight anywhere!!!!   NOT customer-friendly.   I'm pissed my tax dollars support the salary of this branch's leadership!!",1.0
"Sharpie is a wonderful service professional!! She is very knowledgeable of the menu and spirits. She has a great smile and a winning attitude. Very personable and a great conversationalist. She made some great recommendations, and lunch was great. Management: Give this girl a raise and keep her for as long as you can.",5.0
"I ordered the rolled tacos combination with beef, they were just ok.  The beans were really runny and did not have much flavor and the rice was pretty standard.  I will try again to see if this was just an off day.  The service was great though!",2.0
"i like their salad bowls, simple choices, cut clean opinions, great customer services.",4.0
"Miss Tara has been cutting my 3 kids hair for over a year and does a consistent fabulous job! She is patient and listens to exactly what you want your kids hair cut to look like.  You can't beat the price and the kids love to play video games while getting their hair done.  In fact, I love her so much she now cuts & colors MY hair! She has over 18 years experience and is a color magician!! Make an appointment with Tara and you will not be disappointed.",5.0
"Enjoyed HH here .
I generally go to a HH to get a feel of a restaurant that i want to try.

Moscato and Steak skewers for me ( loved it ) 
Sangria and Bruschetta  for him (i tasted and no complaints) .
Service was great.
Beautiful place .

We will be having dinner here, shortly
And attending the Mondavi tasting at the end of the month.


Update:
Mondavi tasting is worth checking out.",4.0
"I have been a AAA member for 18 years. My daughter had battery problems and I told her to call AAA for a jump. She was told battery was dead and she needed a new one. Living in Az my whole life, I concurred and told her that was fine. Here is where i am upset.  ""Dustin K"" the service tech decided to dupe my daughter and put a premium performance battery in her 2014 Jeep Wrangler for a price of $189! That's absurd! There is no reason to put this expensive of a battery in her vehicle. Dustin is a little crook and I've reported a complaint to AAA. I hope AAA will do the right thing and refund me the difference or I will not be renewing my membership. Beware of these battery guys! AAA sub contracts them and they are shady, especially Dustin K!",1.0
"Love this place. 
Great service! 
Delicious, hot food served quickly. 
Family friendly and reasonably priced. We'll be back for sure!",5.0
"Love the late night happy hour here

The food and discounts are amazing. Great drinks decent machines and the pizza rocks

Nice music and ambiance. Very comfortable with a great staff. 

Stacey who works during the days rocks. Funnest bartender around highly rec",4.0
"Dd's is a pretty nice store. They have a nice selection for cheap prices. It is right next to parades fallas which is cheaper but not as good of selection. My wife is in love with the clothes here for her. As I speak, she has about 5 shirts in her hand and counting :/ somehow I gotta get her out of this store soon before she buys the place out.",4.0
"After a different salon in the area decided they couldn't do my hair after siting me in the chair (and having all the information they needed when I set the appointment and they accepted the appointment). I left practically in tears because I really wanted to get my hair done today for a specific reason. I drove down the street trying to decide if I would just forget it and get lunch or try somewhere else. Well, I drove past La Capelli and took the chance by stopping in to see if they could take me. 

I totally lucked out! I explained myself quickly when I walked in and Amanda (the owner) said she could and would help me. It was total luck she could because she happened to have a no-show that freed her up at that moment. 

Not only did she take me in, but she knew exactly what to do to get my hair as close to what I wanted as possible without causing massive damage. See, I have very long raspberry colored hair and have had it this way for 5 yrs. My goal is to turn my hair white (on top) to match the roots that are growing in, and I fully expected it to be a silvery pink after the first processing since that's what it looks like when I get my roots bleached prior to adding more raspberry color. 

BUT, Amanda lifted most of the color out with a (safer) process than I knew existed and was then able to lighten my hair with very little pink/purple color tint. She couldn't get it safely to white on this one appointment, but I didn't expect her to be able to and still allow me to be long haired. :-)  It's definitely lighter than it was when I was a full time blonde many years ago. Got me way closer to my goal in one appointment then I expected anyone to be able to (and in the price range I expected to pay)!

I am incredibly impressed by Amanda's knowledge and entrepreneurship - especially considering her youth. Truly impressed!",5.0
"Went here for a group dinner.. I honestly have to say the food was exceptional! Everything from the appetizer course to the 4 main dishes we got to try were awesome! 

The only thing that i could do without were the breadsticks in the plastic wrap. It gave off a very cheap vibe, when that is not what this place is at all! Overall I would definitely recommend trying this place out!",5.0
"Great service at an unbeatable price, would definitely recommend Vegas Auto Glass Experts to anyone in need of window repair.",5.0
"If Time Warned Cable ever tries to sell you a new service and tells you that everything will be the same, and that you would not see any changes in your services, RUN away as fast as you can.  

I just had a horrible experience with a TWC Tech representative and a supposed Supervisor named Aaron or Erin. 

I had Digital Phone service installed on Thursday 3/5/15.  The techs (Clayton and Matt) that were over had trouble getting my wireless internet up and running.  After 3 hours here, with out success, I told them that I would have my work tech guy try to help me in the morning, and if he could not , I would call them back.  These guys were very nice and very conscientious. One of the Techs Clayton, thought of something on his way home that evening and called me to tell me they changed a setting from the office. Clayton didn't have to do that.  I feel it was above and beyond for him to do it after hours!   It worked!  I had wireless internet, but little did I know, that my wireless printing was still not working.  I found that out Friday night when we tried to print something.  I tinkered with it a little and still nothing.  I called TWC this morning and got a tech representative named Misty (I think).  She tried her best to try to help me, even downloading a HP manual and looking at some troubleshooting options.  She was very nice.  Unfortunately, I cut her off trying to switch phones.  When I called back, I got a gentleman (used loosely) that was no help at all.  He basically said my printer wasn't their problem.  I asked to speak to a supervisor.  After being on hold for several minutes, he came back and told me that a supervisor wouldn't be able to give me any more options than he would.  I told him I was very angry that he was ""road-blocking"" me from his supervisor, so he transferred me.  Aaron (Erin), the supervisor was no more help.  He basically told me to call HP if I had a printer problem.  I asked him it TWC would pay for the HP tech charges and he said no.  Then I said I wanted his service techs to come back out an fix everything back to the way it was (my wireless working) and he said he would but he would have to charge me for the service call.  I asked for his supervisor's name.  He gave me one.  We will see on Monday when I call if it was legit.   If I get no satisfaction from him, the next call I make will be to WOW to change my service.  Apparently, 19 years of loyalty to TWC means nothing except escalating fees, fewer services and HORRIBLE customer service.  All I want is for everything to be working the same as it did before they walked through my door the other day.  Is that too much to ask considering that's what they promised me?",1.0
"Really nice produce and specialty items entice you to spend your nest egg here and blow you college savings fund before Johnny is eligible to attend the state school.
This place is like Whole Foods, with a emphasis on local specialty items and some global foods. I saw some nice sakes, beers, and liquors from afar on the shelf. You could put together a gourmet meal here, no problem. Just bring your wallet and don't tell Johnny he is going to have to  work through college.  : )",4.0
Mediocre at best... customer service sucks here too. Sushi was weak and also charged extra for a little teriyaki sauce which should have come with my order  after spending $20 anyway.. will not be returning. There's much better places to get teriyaki and sushi.,1.0
"I have only been to this theater once.  I was hanging out with some girlfriends and this is the closest theater to where they live.  At first glance, it looks like a typical movie theater.  For the most part it is.  The thing that I found awesome, was that it has a daycare center.  If a couple wants to go to a movie and it's not appropriate for the child or they just want to do something for the two of them, they can bring their little one to the day care center.  I can't believe all the parents, who bring their kids to adult movies.  It's unacceptable and of course selfish of the parents.  I hope other theaters catch on to this.  

It's also right next to Buffalo Wild Wings and several shops and other restaurants in the area.  Check it out.",4.0
"After non stop hearing about this place on Holmberg, I stopped in today with a buddy during lunch break. The service was great, quick, knowledgeable bartender/server and amazing food. Had the French dip brisket and fries which was delicious the whole way through and great portions. The Brady hot and sweet sauce is a must have. The Scottsdale location is a nice small joint with quick service and great food and beer specials. Highly recommend for lunch and happy hour.",5.0
"Friendly staff, great pricing, and a good airbrush tan! They also said if there were any problems I could comeback and they would touch it up because they wanted the customer to be happy!",5.0
"Called in for a group of 22 people 2 days in advance to celebrate my birthday. When I arrived they reserved 2 tables that are not side by side! Servers would just ignore you. Need to get their attention several times just to ask for water and utensils. Service is really bad.  I even need to stand and walk over the front just to request something. 

Food wise is normal like all the Congee Chinese food restaurant. 

Will avoid this place for big gatherings from now on... Too stressful",2.0
"Solid, tasty, friendly neighborhood Chinese food with off-menu Szechuan skills. Very reasonable prices make you want to order more than one dish per person. Will make brown rice for you if you call ahead 60mins before arrival.

Really impressed by the Szechuan Chicken (not on the menu) - perfect spice, complex flavor, and very good quality ingredients. Tastes like home-cooking, and the food is good-looking and colorful with fresh vegetables. Kung Pao Chicken (on the menu) is similar to the Szechuan, and is also made with generous slices of white meat chicken. We ate our food there, but from the looks of it, this would be really good take-out and would heat up well the next day. We ate our entire plates clean, really quickly. 

Looking forward to trying a lot of other stuff on the menu. Don't be fooled by the unassuming storefront, this place is as good as China One, if not better and definitely more authentic (and friendly goes a long way.)

Thanks to fellow Yelpers for their trailblazing on this shop. A small UYE would pack this joint, as there are only 4 or 5 tables (maybe 20ppl max?)...",5.0
"Some might give more stars just for having a busty super hot young blond waitress in a short tight dress.  I am all in favor of having young hot servers of any gender.  I know some of you don't believe me, but really, I don't.  However I don't like slow, unattentive service unless the place is really busy and the server apologizes and does their best.  I was a waitress once and know how it can be.  I am also not a fan of generic overpriced food.  This place reminds me of TGI Fridays or something.  Nothing special.  But I was starving, really starving and just couldn't walk any more and was ready to settle for anything so I did.  I got a veggie burger, beer and fries.  Mainly because they had sh*t for vegetarian options.  I prefer healthy food, usually but will eat crap on occasion.  They had a few salads I could have ordered but I wanted cooked green veggies.  Oh well.  The burger and fries were good.  Lots of beer on tap.  But we had to wait quite a while to order, had to ask twice for water (with 20 minutes in between each order because she didn't come back to our table for that long), and then we had to wait a long time for our check.  Being cute only gets you so far, I hope this girl has a backup career in mind.

Food is not cheap for what you get.  There are way better options around.  But if you like sports bars and generic American style pub food you might like this place.",2.0
"My girlfriend and I decided to spend our anniversary at a smaller scale restaurant. The day we went was also a miserable wintry day (our anniversary is early February) so decided to stay around her neighborhood on Bloor. Found this place online because it had winterlicious ($25 menu) and gave it a try.

WOW - great decision. Despite the snowstorm the place was pretty full. Which doesn't take long to happen as it is a relatively small restaurant. Decor is simple, nothing fancy, almost like your rural friendly French bistro somewhere in the Bordeaux area. We had a reservation (which helped) and got a small cozy table.

We both had the winterlicious menu with a half litre of pinot noir. I had the liver pate which was out of this world. Creamy and delicious that it warmed my heart on this stormy day. Continued with the steak frites - I would say arguably the best steak frites I ever had. The meat was nicely cooked on the outside and despite the thinness, managed to retain a nice red-pinkish inside for a medium-rare. Just salt and pepper, nothing else to ruin the delicious beef taste. Finished it with the profiterol, an amazing creation with a delicious sauce and a bit of ice-cream.

Loved the experience. Not a big restaurant, but extremely cozy, friendly and surrounded by wonderful people - other clients were nice families enjoying a meal like we were. Really loved it. Service was quick, courteous and prompt.

Despite the extensive food, only paid around $100 for both including the wine, tax and tip. The place may be slighly more expensive if you eat outside of winterlicious (or summerlicious) but the entire ambiance and the amazing quality of the food makes it perfectly worth it.",5.0
"I have to admit, this is probably one of my favorite boba shops in Vegas. Boba drinks are becoming extremely popular and that means a lot of places are serving low quality boba drinks. Mr. Z is the exception because they have really master the art of boba drinks.

AMAZON: The Amazon Drink is their specialty! If you go here and don't try it at least once, I'm judging you! The Amazon is passion fruit and kiwi blended with boba. I was a little hesitant myself when I heard the boba is blended, but adventurous me tried it and loved it. I can honestly not explain how satisfying it tastes to have your boba blended in the drink. Definitely my favorite drink here.

OTHER DRINKS: They also offer the basic boba drinks like teas, slushes, and milk teas. But what makes me love this place is their drinks are really fresh and unique. They have flavors that you can't find anywhere else like the Kumquat drink. They have really flavorful drinks like the kiwi slush. For milk teas, I highly recommend the honeydew milk tea. Their drinks are all super refreshing.

SETTING: The staff is super friendly and helpful. I couldn't decide which drink I want and they kindly explained their drinks to me. There is a zebra painted on the wall and their are zebra statues everywhere. So cute! They even had a zebra balloon when I was there. Their are high top seating, but it's pretty limited. The do have a small grass area in the restaurant which make a unique comfy area.",5.0
"We ordered 6 dishes take out. Although dishes were relatively expensive and small portions, they were flavourful. Our fav was the mango fish and pad Thai. The restaurant was very accommodating to our shellfish allergy.",4.0
"Over 900 reviews? I was excited about trying this place.  When we walked in, I saw a few open tables but was told 15 mins wait... (It wasn't lunch or dinner time, i think it was around 3pm on Sunday).  After perhaps 5-7 mins wait, our table ""became"" available... but it seemed that particular table was available from the moment we walked in..  This place was very busy and slow service was expected.  When our server spilled a drink, she said ""that's why I brought extra napkins...""  

If you check in on yelp, it's $3.99 for chips and salsa.  Chips were thick and I wondered if these were homemade at this restaurant.

I ordered mimosa with cranberry juice. Never had one before and I thought I would try it. I think I prefer one with orange juice.  Now I know..

The burger I ordered was very big, I ate about 1/3 of it and couldn't eat anymore.  Very huge. Perhaps I wasn't that hungry, but I thought I had better burgers before.  Perhaps it was a bad day for me.",3.0
"My boyfriend and I are regulars here and we LOVE it!!! Denise, one of the owners, is amazeballs! She's always smiling and making sure everyone's experience is a perfect one. I love the vibe! I forget that I'm in the middle of the desert when I step indoors because it feels like I'm on a vacation at the beach. Rumor has it they're opening another location on Mill Ave in Tempe... I wish them all the success there that they've seen in Scottsdale. The place is always packed and I love seeing small, creative business owners succeed! Oh yah, almost forgot... The food is awesome!",5.0
"I have eaten lots of burgers in my travels, and I have to say that Burger Rehab Therapy is one of the best I have ever had. The meat is fresh, seasoned and cooked perfectly, the buns are fresh and soft, the toppings are fresh and the service is great. This is the burger that I will forever judge all burgers by. The other patrons are very friendly too. Lots of burger knowledge in this place.",5.0
"There was a sewage blockage in our company which gave us so much grief for days. At first, we contacted another plumbing company to get this fixed, but the plumber kept rescheduling day after day until they never arrive at all. (I'm tempted to name and shame, but I won't do it in this review here.) We finally decided to look elsewhere and called Express Rooter instead.

Luckily, they did an outstanding job on such short notice. We had a technician who arrived on time, behaved very professionally, and answered all of our questions with confidence. He even explained what caused the blockage in the first place and recommended additional repairs with certain faulty pipes and drains.

We were able to get the sewage problem fixed in just a few hours, and we couldn't be more thankful to Express Rooter for their diligence!",5.0
It's a dentist so you're nervous enough but when I go there Dr Ben Kim and his staff always make me feel right at home which is considering the dentist stresses me out enough!,5.0
"I don't know what the big deal is. This buffet is GOOD. Aside from a few low quality foods, the foods I got were great tasting. Since I'm a pasta fanatic, I got everything pasta along with oysters and dessert. The pesto was DELICIOUS and tasted like a quality Italian restaraunt dish (though not sure if you would deem it as 'authentic'). The Asian food was a little off, but hey, the other foods measured up. The oysters were also good and flavorful. Lastly, the dessert was simply great. I strongly recommend diners to try the caramel flan; it was so perfectly made! I applaud whoever made it. 

Two complaints that caused it a star:
- For the price, the presentation could've been way better. If not for the pharaoh decor it could've passed as a golden corral. 
- Servers would only pick up our plates, did not give us new utensils like most other buffets do. Even so, new utensils weren't provided so we had to reuse our utensils or flag down servers (which was not easy) 

If I hadn't done the timeshare and had to pay full price ($88 for my whole family) Another star probably would've been knocked off. Instead, I only had to pay $43 and for $43 this buffet is pretty nice. 2 thumbs up!",4.0
Food was OK. I've ate here a few times.... It will do the trick but food just tasted like it was food from any typical buffet.,2.0
Just very low quality breakfast foods. For the price I'd recommend going to a nice restaurant and ordering a meal.,1.0
"If I could give this place negative stars I seriously would. This place is the absolute worst Asian/Chinese restaurant. I ordered the Pad Thai for take out. After viewing the menu I asked for no Shrimp. The menu also stated ""all dishes can be tailored to your taste"". This however was horrifically incorrect. I asked to have green onions and bean sprouts added. They said they didn't have any bean sprouts when I arrived however I was charged an extra dollar. The menu did not state that tofu was part of the dish. However the main ""protein"" in the Pad Thai was tofu. SMH

Basically their menu was very inaccurate. 

The women who assisted with the phone order and in the restaurant was extremely rude and had zero customer service skills. 

I have never in my life had to return a take out meal and this place forced me to. This was caused by the falsifying menu, appalling customer service and downright revolting food.",1.0
"They're directly across from giant office buildings from which large groups of lunchseekers emanate. Is ""lunchseekers"" a word? I guess it is now.

Anyway, our group of 10 was seated quickly, then not much happened. Then we got beverages. My friend got a glass of water all over his shirt. The server accidentally dropped it on him. The glass shattered on the floor. It was ok: accidents happen and it was a hot day anyway. The wet polo shirt provided a cooling effect. 

So, we waited a while longer. Too long, really. Food started coming out from the kitchen. The servers didn't know who ordered what. It's ok. It happens. Really.

It was standard Chinese lunch fare. Nothing really good or bad. It's ok. It happens. Really.

Started to notice people at other tables waiting for food or drinks or checks. It's ok. It happens. Really.

They gave us the wrong check at the end. It's ok. It happens. Really.

We waited about 15 minutes for a revised check to appear. It's ok. It happens. Really.

Our lunch hour turned into a lunch hour and a half. It's ok. It happens. Really.

And to be honest, I told the hostess that my friend with the wet shirt shouldn't be asked to pay for his lunch, and she agreed he didn't. The manager might have been upset about this, but. . . It's ok. It happens. Really.",2.0
Nothing says 'sunday brunch' like waiting in the 15-car line at the McDonald's drive-thru.,3.0
"We love this place. It's good for lunch/dinner. Their menu is simple, but has many choices. You can see how they prepare your dish behind the counter. The service is rather good. If there's a bit wait time, they will apologize and inform you. We always order the salt/pepper chicken wings as appetizer which comes in 8 good size pieces for $8. I ordered wonton soup this time. It comes with large size shrimp wanton, broccoli, water chestnuts, straw hat mushrooms and big shrimps. The taste is so good and surely to fill you up. My husband had the fried spicy shrimp with noodles. Huge portion and the spice is just right. I won't say this is a cheap place, but the food is good quality. It has become one of our regular stops.",4.0
We were disappointed in this new place.  The decor is nice but the food is not good.  We had the yellow curry and it seemed like they left out the coconut milk.  Even the Pad Thai was not great.  They made our kids eat off of paper plates.  And the food is WAY over priced.  I give this place 3 months at best.  Disappointed.,2.0
"I thought the Pure Aloha Festival was going to be 'Ono, but it was more like ""Oh, no"" or even better, ""No, no.""  How bad could it have been you may ask?  Oh let me count the ways...

I counted one actual booth that was selling Hawaiian food and ne'er a poke stand to be found.  How is this possible?  Anyway, the booth we did decide to eat at offered regular cheesesteaks and a loco moco cheesesteaks, along with a side of mac salad...well they said it was mac salad.  I say it was overcooked noodles doused in mayonnaise and that's it.  And just a little note to the guy who told me they had the best mac salad, you're a liar.  On the bright side, we didn't get food poisoning.  So there's that.

After that we decided a hand dipped corndog might be good.  And it would have been, if they hand dipped it when you ordered it after a 30 minute wait in line rather than serving a pre-dipped, waiting under a warming light for you to order.  It also would have been great if they would have had plain yellow mustard instead of spicy brown, but hey, I least we didn't get sick there either.

My only other complaint is that nobody had any damn bottled water or soft drinks for sale at any of the booths we went to.  The person/people responsible for that error should be beat.

I never rode any of the rides or tried any of the carnival games there because I do not trust carnies so I can't attest to any of that stuff.

All in all it was a very disappointing evening.  But now I know I never have to go back and be that disappointed again.  Consider yourself warned.",1.0
"I was left underwhelmed with Sparkletime's services.  On the positive side, they were responsive and professional in their communications and in providing an estimate.  The company representative was on time, polite and neat.  However, he was in a big hurry to rush through and finish the job.  He did a good job on my windows but never cleaned the window tracks.  He did a marginal job on my screens.  He also put all the screens on backwards.  For the money, I wish I had gone with another company.",3.0
"This review is for the air conditioning service.
Phap N. was excellent according to my sister-in-law and brother who were there to observe his work.  But when the work was completed and the attic door was missing it was not clear as to who would repair & pay for this replacement.  The attic door was fixed today by the drywall person, Mark.  I am very happy with the service.",5.0
"3.5 stars

It's about time Markham gets a BBQ restaurant. Located just east of the Loblaw's / LCBO on Bullock. Lot's of parking in front of the restaurant and a good amount of seating inside. Lot's of people were stopping by for takeout. 

I visited during opening week so I Imagine they still have some kinks to work out. When we arrived, no one greeted us and we were not sure if we should sit ourselves or order at the cash first. After standing at the cash (and being ignored), we sat down. No one came to serve us at the table either. I finally got someones attention and asked how we place an order. They apologized and said they didn't see us.     

I only raise this point as I hope they use the feedback to improve since their food is amazing and I want this place to be a success (so I can keep coming back). Once we finally placed our order, the service was great.

We tried the Elvis combo (mixed platter) and the Brisket sandwich. The ribs were excellent with lot's of meat and smoked perfectly. The pulled pork and beef brisket were also very good -   great smokey / tangy flavour. The cole slaw made for a good side and the baked beans were a standout for me - love the chunks of pork in there. Fries were average at best but who cares - this place is about the BBQ.

Prices are on the low end for what you get... both quantity and quality. You can get a large delicious meal for about $10. 

I will return again when the next BBQ craving kicks in. All the kinks should be worked out by then.

BK",3.0
"Had a killer massage this weekend with Trankie! I just moved back to Phoenix from Seattle and needed to find a new salon/spa and I think I can mark this off my list of things to do when moving. 

Honestly one of the best massages I've had in decades!! I asked for a firm medium pressure and it's exactly what I got. My neck, my back, my quads, and hamstrings were all sore from the move and these hikes I've been doing. I felt so relaxed and was no longer tense. Its been two days and I still feel incredible and relaxed. 

You can count on me going back, it's a great spot in downtown tons of things to do, places to eat, etc. Parking was easy so no issues there either! 

Thanks again!!!",5.0
"Great food, great service, fair prices. As an Asian who lives in Arizona where it is hard to find authentic, quality Asian food, I highly recommend this place.",5.0
"Idiot alert! We decided to stop after a show on the way back up to our room, and the stupid girl working the register wouldn't take my card after asking to see my ID; she said ""the card says Bill, but your ID says William; do you have another photo ID which says Bill?""  After a moment of trying to explain, and another employee getting involved and confirming what the first girl said, we gave up and walked away.  We had far better hot dogs the next night from the Haute Doggery, so don't even bother with this place!",1.0
So the Kraken Cafe Food Truck came to Tivoli today. I figured  I give them a try. For $6 starting the menu is not bad. The operation  was 2 people and orders made fresh. I wanted to try the chicken and waffles and the worker said she had to much orders. I remind u they were here for 2 hours. So she ran out. I ordered a chicken strip  plate and grilled cheese plate. Okay but the hype is not all their with this truck. The fries was missing flavor. Yes it was tossed with parm cheese and some herbs but no taste. It was also not crispy. The chicken strip was okay. 3 pieces.  Really lightly  battered. No great taste.  Grilles cheese was was great on a sweet bread type of toast with nice cheese actually  melted. Also no condiments with the order.,2.0
Excellent and inexpensive. Binh does great work. No complaints.,5.0
"HOT TIP: Check your bills and credit card statements carefully if you dine here.

Update:  So, in addition to being almost overcharged on my visit to Daisho (as mentioned in the initial review), I was checked my Visa statement and I was charged twice for my lunch at Noodle Bar.

Called Visa and they confirmed that the restaurant charged $98.xx to my Visa twice (once the day I was there, another time two days after) with the same reference number.

Ultimately, I just had to email Momofuku and their service director refunded the incorrect charge and responded within 3 hours with his apologies (though, no offer of compensation or explanation).  Glad I didn't have to physically show up to get this corrected (though, I would have loved to drop, 'Where's ma money, Momofucka?"") or dispute the charge with Visa (although, this would have been simple as Momofuku clearly incorrectly charged me).

My brother, who bought a Lucky Peach magazine was also double-charged for his purchase.  He checked his statement a few days after I told him what happened and he found the same issue.

I work in the financial industry -- if something as unusual as a customer complaining about a double-charge occurred, I would check to see if this was a systemic issue and proactively contact/refund other effected customers.  It doesn't appear Momofuku were aware/tried to contact/refund my brother.  I can only hope the other diners there didn't have the same thing happen to them or they noticed the error.

Now, I'm not saying Momofuku is running a scam and I understand mistakes happen.  But from almost being charged an extra $20 on my 1st bill (minor server error) and then being double-charged on my second bill (possible employee fraud or major issues with their bookkeeping) -- what kind of an ass-backwards operation are they running?  Get your shit together.",1.0
"It was really crowded in there, waitors have bad manners, portions were small, no variety. Food tasted good but it wasn't worth the price. Highly suggest Kinton Ramen rather than here",2.0
"I didn't get a burger:( I was in the mood for bacon :()... Anyways the gentleman at register was so sweet and told me the BLT was really good, so I tried it. This was my second visit in a week because the first one was so good. I did it with cheese and fries the first time, and loved it. I decided to try it sans the fries and added jalapenos this time. Too spicy even for me so I picked them off, but delicious none the rest. The service is friendly and the guy at the counter always makes the visit very pleasant. They give you complimentary salted peanuts which are the best tasting ever. I will be back in the near future but need a break to watch the waistline. Do try the fries tho since they are known for them, they offer smaller sizes since a year ago, and it's more than plenty. This is my favorite burger or BLT place.",5.0
"Wasn't impressed. Super oily, very stuffy inside, all you can eat options were cheap filipino affair and nothing like longanisa (spelling?), sisig, or even lumpia was available. Disappointed to say the least",2.0
"Only took fifteen minutes for the customer service representative to help me with all the paper work, all bank statements could be found online with the use of their computer at the location. Interest rate the lowest seen in Nevada.",5.0
"Randomly walked into this bakery, we tried a couple of cupcakes for tasting. And omg it was so so good the taste of the cupcakes were so creamy and fluffy. This has to be the best cupcake spot I have ever been too. We tried the red velvet cupcake and it was so good. 

After trying this place we order a big batch for my cousins engagement and everyone loved the cupcakes. They all asked where we got them from, I would definitely be going back for future needs.",5.0
"Probably the friendliest fast food restaurant in this part of Gilbert.  Always friendly and nice.  Great customer service.

Food was always fast and fresh, BUT....they sometimes missed an item or made things wrong.  Be sure to check your food before you leave the drive through.  (That is why I gave a 4 instead of 5 stars.)",4.0
"Terrible service, cold hot chocolate, oily potatoes, cold quiche, salt, salt, salt.

But, if you want a meal that will extinguish your appetite all day,... Get on over here",1.0
We walked in to see if they could sew the grip-strap around the handle of my purse and they did it right there in just a few minutes.  We didn't have to leave it overnight or anything!  Great experience.,5.0
"Would strongly recommend them to anybody that needs emergency window replacement and/or tinting done on their cars. They were quick, efficient, inexpensive, courteous and most of all kind and supportive!",5.0
"Perfect little quick all-you-can eat sushi place in Summerlin. If you're craving sushi and have an appetite, this is your place. Octopus poke is great and I would definitely recommend it. Service is usually pretty good as well, even when they get really busy.",4.0
"The best Deli in Phoenix.  This place is always crowed around lunch and is well worth the wait.

My favorite is the Pastrami and Swiss on marble rye and make sure you ask for the thousand island dressing!!!",5.0
"I have been a customer of Nail Studio II since the first week they opened in January 2012. I am a huge fan. I go every two weeks and have had the following services: Shellac manicure, regular manicure, regular pedicure, Shellac pedicure and waxing services. They do a great job with everything!

The owner is a real sweetheart and usually the one who does my services. She has 3 other employees and all three are wonderful. They all have great personalities and are very personable. I always have a good coversation with the staff when I am there, which is not the 'norm' for the other salons up and down McKnight Rd!

The salon is brand new, so it is VERY clean and very modern. Might sound snobby, but I hate going to the salons that are dingy and old looking. This one is a great, pleasant atmosphere and best of all, the massage chairs are great!

I highly recommend this new salon, give them a try and support a great new local business! :-)",5.0
GO OUT OF YOUR WAY TO COME HERE - I'm from tx and this is the best pizza I've ever tasted in my 24 (almost 25 since its 2016) years of life!,5.0
"Never on time, frequent delays. Inefficient check in if you have any chargeable items to stow. The planes are clean and the Staff is usually fantastic. Worth a try if the savings is there.",4.0
"It appears that like most stores they are different depending on the area that you are in.  

This Fry's would be in the middle neighborhood area in my experience.  It does not have many of the hallmarks of the lower end Fry's such as 19th and UHills. But it is not all high end merchandise either. 

Making this location a pretty good place for a good selection of produce.  

They have a great fresh produce section
Fish and meat counter
Coffee selection with grinder
Olives
Deli
Good Bread
Wines
Beer

Crazy parking lot though!",4.0
"This is the place my neighbors told me to hit up on my first night in the neighborhood, and I've gone back more times than I can count in the past year. Sardinha is a lifesaver on those nights when you get off the subway and just want to pick up something for dinner that requires no work on your part, and head home.

For a single person, a half chicken is the perfect deal - for around 5 bucks you can have dinner tonight and one or two sandwiches for later (and if you're ambitious, you can use the carcass to make stock!).  If you're looking for a more rounded meal (or are too lazy to make your own side dish) you can get a chicken dinner for under ten bucks that includes your choice of rice with veggies or potato balls (or both).  They always have some inexpensive portugese pada style buns at the register for cheap.  

Other delish dishes include fried fillet of sole, as well as a few other main dishes.  I'll be honest though, I always get the chicken.  When they ask, try saying yes to the hot sauce - live a little - you won't regret it.",4.0
"I was craving some mochi. ( Japanese rice cakes usually filled with some sweet bean paste) since we were at big lots I decided to ck this market out. Nice and clean wide aisles. Produce looked good , the seafood and meat counters did not smell. Since I was on a mochi hunt just browsed quickly. They had Japanese mochi but not fresh  . The only fresh mochi was Vietnamese style  I bought the four season with taro and manju with coconut . They were alright I think Vietnamese rice cakes r a little sweeter. It satisfied  my cravings .",3.0
"Their servers can realllllly improve on the level of service considering $45 for the Easter high tea.  While I certainly don't appreciate our waitress who seem to have had a attitude problem, no smile, just blank stares and spoke under her breath as I had to repeatedly ask her to repeat herself numerous occasions.  She certainly never came to check up on us once.  She showed not the slightest hint of enthusiasm in her job especially when introducing the food presentations.  Hmm...

I appreciate the ambience of the high tea lobby and especially the trendy fireplace area.  We came here for my birthday and waited about 10 minutes while they setup our table despite having reservations.  

The one thing I do rave and send high compliment is to the cream of earl grey tea that I had selected.  It was the best I have tasted in my life, very rich nutty flavour.  The finger sandwiches were tasty but nothing too extraordinary for high tea.  Scones were average good and the brioche buns were under average.  The top tier desserts were very much so disappointing.  It was overly sweet, cake was on the dry hard side.",3.0
The Cleveland Grill has sadly gone out of business.,1.0
A small Asian bakery in Cleveland with great taste. I got a pork steam bun and the Thai Iced bubble tea. Very good!  Would like try some desserts from here on the future. Mmm...,4.0
"Me, and a group of ladies, were getting ready to travel to Payson, and while we were putting gas in my van, we noticed the flat tire. We took it to Discount Tires, and even though it was a busy day for them (Friday), they took care of us in a timely manner.
They took a big nail, out, patched it up, and got us ready to go, and all this... for FREE!
They are great, great customer service, Erik is the gentleman that took care of our problem.",5.0
"The Pad Thai was ok if it wasn't for a strong tap water aftertaste and soggy noodles. The water preparing the food has to be clean, with no chemical taste.",2.0
"I had a different moving company flake out on me the day of the move, so there I was, truck in the driveway, all packed up, no movers. I called Five Star Moving to see if there was any possible chance of getting movers out that day. I figured there wasn't much hope but it didn't hurt to try. They answered immediately and were able to get me a full crew out in just a few hours. So that's Awesome Thing Number 1. 

Awesome Thing Number 2 came when the guys disassembled my IKEA beds and then reassembled them in the new place. That *was* awesome- I'd looked at them that morning and decided that it looked way too much of a pain and I'd leave it to the professionals, and I'm so glad I did.

Awesome Thing Number 3 was that the guys moved some massively heavy stuff for us. Seriously. They made it look light as a feather. And they provided their own furniture pads and dolly, so I wouldn't have to pay U-Haul for the privilege of using theirs. 

The guys were professional, friendly, they seriously hustled the whole time, and they took great care of our belongings and our house. I could go on with the Awesome Things they did for us but let me just sum it all up by saying that if we need movers again, I won't hesitate to hire them. Thanks so much- we deeply appreciate your hard work!!!",5.0
"I had a nice stay at The Embassy Suites last weekend. It's located off the strip on Paradise road, but only about 10 minutes or less from the Wynn. Our suite was clean and comfortable and the staff was great with providing extra towels and toiletries. The complimentary breakfast was also great, but it got pretty crowded at certain times so I'd recommend going earlier rather than later to avoid having to wait in the omelet station line.",4.0
"Stopped in for a beer and some pretzels. Their cheese is the bomb. Staff is friendly and attentive. Will be coming back. Try the old chub nitro if you're a Guinness lover, yum!",4.0
"WTH were they thinking making a show like this?  What a horrible tribute to Elvis Presley, one of my all time favorite artists.  I grew up listening to Elvis because my mom is a big fan of his music so I was extremely excited to get a hold of some tickets with such good seats.  Boy, was I in for a surprise.  I don't really want to go into detail without giving it away for those who still want to see it, but don't expect too much acrobatics and don't count on much of a WOW factor either.  This show lacks any depth and I really felt like they took some things from other cirque shows, manipulated it a bit, and tried to tie in a little historical/biographical/musical testament to Elvis.  It was a complete fail and some of the acts made me think, ""WTF is going on?!?!  Why is this bit in here??!? How is this even relevant?!??  When is this shit going to end!!!??  F-ing ridiculous!!!"".  Not surprisingly, I fell asleep periodically throughout the show.  I was ready to leave before it ended and felt like it was a waste of my life- how sad is that?!?!

Whatever, I wouldn't recommend this show to anyone, Elvis fan or not, and I would suggest you save your money and go see another show.  Fortunately for me I didn't pay for my tickets!!!  I would've been damn regretful if I had though.  On a brighter tip: the auditorium is really big and nice.  You can tell they invested a lot of money in this.  Costumes were colorful and somewhat interesting to see.  Lastly, they did play some of his classics that I loved listening to.  

Cirque, I hope you came on yelp and really take these reviews to heart.  

and....

Elvis, I apologize on behalf of Cirque for portraying you in such an atrocious fashion; what a slap in the face!!! May you rest in peace!!!",1.0
"Chloe Spa is your one stop shop for all your beauty needs! Not only do they do amazing mani/pedis but they also have a facial room for waxings and facials, and a mystic tanner! I came in for a manicure, and Kayla was my manicurist. She is patient and pays attention to the little details. I really appreciate her professionalism. My friend came in and got the mani/pedi set and she was so comfortable she fell asleep in her massage chair with two guys doting on her! (Haha!) It's been about 2 weeks since I came in and my nails are just now beginning to chip. Normally, because I wash my hands compulsively they only last about 3-4 days with regular nail polish. It was my first time getting the Gelish nails and I'm in looove!! I don't think I can ever go back to regular polish now. I will have to make sure I come in and get my nails done the next time I am in Vegas!",5.0
"Under new management!

I have been coming here often for the last 5 years. The price was not too competitive before, but hopefully that will change with the new owner.

They also has a new computerized system. All the products I bought are now itemized on the reciepts so I know exactly how much each of them cost. Before it was just on a calculator print out... and I have no idea how they come up with the total!

They have good selections of all the premium dog food and they even bring in new brands! It is a little strange to be excited about dog food, but my dog is on a rotation wet food and dry food diet and I love to let  him to try different food.

Of course earning Airmiles is another plus to shop here!

They accepts Interac, Visa and MC, no AMEX.

They has the buy 10 get 1 free in house program which is tracked by computer. 

I wish they can put the price of all the can products on the shelf so I won't be surprise when I paying for it.",3.0
"If you call with questions about adoptions, they will NEVER answer the phone. You get hold music forever. I waited 20 minutes after the machine said the wait time is around 1 minute. I've called 3 times trying to get info on how to adopt a new stray I saw there... Have never gotten through. It's a long drive for me so it's very inconvenient for me to travel there just to get some questions answered.

I would say around 60% if the dogs are not adoptable. They are either quarantined or strays that have to go through a waiting period. You can almost never find someone to help you look at a dog or answer questions. You can't put any dogs on hold to adopt when they become available. 

I entered a drawing for a stray puppy that became available and it was extremely fishy, pulling a number out of the box but instead of reading the winning number the lady went to the back room for a few minutes and then came out and told us some guy in another city won the dog... He wasn't even there.

I went to the back to request to walk one of the other dogs and, before I could make my request, the guy closed the door on me and I waited for about 15 minutes in the sun before he opened the door to take my request. There was around 4 others in line.

I did want to say that once they gave me the dog to play with, they have these nice play cages out back around the corner where you can throw a ball or chew toy and stuff. This is the only thing stopping it from being 1 star.

I would say there's an extremely minimal effort being put in to actually find these animals homes. It could be so much better.",2.0
"I've been going to Toni & Guy for years, not necessarily because I think they're phenomenal, but because they were convenient and better than the more affordable place by my house in which the colorist thought ""give me a partial highlight"" was synonymous with ""turn me into a skunk.""  

At T&G, the receptionists are friendly.  I like both my stylist and colorist; they're knowledgable and seem like cool chicks.  

I do have a couple of complaints, however.

The blonde in my partial highlight is never the blonde color I want it to be.  It was always turning orange!  I've been toning it at home, now, to help alleviate the problem, but this last time, instead of the light, golden blonde that I wanted, I ended up with an ash blonde that really just looks like a really washed out, dull, light brownish color.  I haven't met a colorist who has been able to create the blonde color that I want, but my colorist at T&G has done the best job so far... *sigh*

Also, I think they're too expensive; $70 for a partial highlight and another $70 for a haircut?  *dies*  The only thing more absurd than that is that there are idiots, like me, who actually pay that rate.  The one good thing, though, is that because of the high quality of the cut, I'm able to go longer periods of time between styling appointments by having my bangs trimmed (free!) when I have my roots touched up.

What's annoying, though, is that as they work their way up the ranks in the company, they are able to charge more for their services, yet, I don't see any difference in my hair.  I'm being charged twice as much, but the end result is exactly the same.  You would think that existing patrons would be provided with a grandfather clause, or something.

I guess in the end, you have to do your own cost/benefit analysis.  Is the cost of paying high prices and spending a couple of hours sitting next to some catty, teenage, Paris Hilton wannabe worth the benefit of receiving a quality haircut and/or coloring? 

For me, so far, the answer has been ""yes.""",4.0
Always great customer service! It is always clean Great location off the 101 freeway and Scottsdale Rd. I would definately recommend seeing a movie here!,5.0
"lately I've only been going for lunch.  gone are the late night drink fests in days past.  I must say, as the girls have come and gone, what has been a constant is the food.  some of the best bar food I've had in town.  

the menu items I have found to be just out of the park homeruns are the salmon tacos, prime rib sliders, and prime rib dip.  first time I went in for lunch was during the USA v Germany world cup match.  this place was packed with just 1 waitress, Megan.  let me tell you, this woman handled the entire room.  she was running around the place taking orders, dropping off food, refilling drinks, everything.  she never missed a beat.  I've seen waitresses do way less with 1/10 the crowd.  very good service.  the last few times I've been in for lunch it isn't busy.  but the service is always excellent.  Megan is top notch.  with the nice you get a little bit of sassy, in a good way.  

there are several beers on tap including guiness, blue moon, and shock top.  typical local bar with about 20 video poker machines all around the square bar.  there are also plush seats with big screen tv's in front of them on one side of the bar.  perfect for watching your favorite game.  

soon as you walk in you'll get a hello and a smile.  makes you feel right at home.",4.0
Great atmosphere and food but the service slacked some. First we were seated without a drink list then it took half hour to get our drinks. Our appetizers were even served before our drinks. We were told that the bar was slammed but there was barely anyone in there. We were only checked on once and it took a while to get the checj. The food overall was great. The cornbread is amazing!! We devoured it within seconds.,4.0
"I first learned about this place several years ago whilst watching a show on the Food Network about local and little-known  'foodie' havens.  In the years since, I managed to drive by the Bob Taylor's Ranch House sign off of US 95 (at Ann Rd) countless times without ever exiting and checking the place out...that all changed today, Mother's Day 2011.

Really, really good food.  Exceptionally friendly and meaningful service.  

Had the NY Strip with Ranch House Potatoes.  Perfection on a plate.  Only giving 4 stars because 5 stars, to me, should only be given to best-in-class establishments.  This place is certainly among the best I've experienced in the non-gourmet steakhouse category, but it's not the clear, undisputed leader.",4.0
My family has been in vegas since the late twenties. Bob Taylors has been here since the mid fifties. It's old Las Vegas for sure. I've been coming here for thirty years and I still like the old time atmosphere and the good food. Staff is friendly and prices are fair. Same old furniture and the same ole great steaks. Times have changed but Bob's seems to have maintained that old time hospitality. Love this place.,5.0
"I worked with Valerie this past week, in securing a unit for October. She was great to work with! Took the time to show me two separate model units that each contained features of my unit. She took the time to answer all my questions. She stayed in touch with me the entire application process to make sure all went OK. 

Apartment is in a very nice area. It's a renovated property, and very decent! A huge upgrade from where I'm living now, but thankfully for not much longer.

I will report back, once I move in. But for now, experience has been A+!

UPDATE: all moved in, and loving it! I honestly don't know where these negative reviews come from, I'm not seeing dog poop 'everywhere' as some claim. Even after the paperwork was done, the office is still great. They're always ready to help. My unit is awesome, clean, and exactly what I wanted. Some people below, just have ridiculous complaints. Some complaints as well, you only have one side of the story. Two thumbs up! Great place.",5.0
"Excellent food , excellent service, excellent atmosphere. I loved the beans served at the beginning of the meal and the marguerite pizza was to die for! I would definitely eat here again.

I went during lunch and I ordered, ate and got my bill within 45 mins. Great service and decor was really euro.",5.0
"We've been going here since the day it opened and gradually each experience has gotten worse. Today my burger, the Atomic was supposed to be hot, nope fail in that and it tasted frozen and not a quality burger. Then wife's salad was not green at all but a pale shade of yellow. Not sure we will continue going back to witness the demise of B Spot.",2.0
Very poor service. Took 5 minutes just to be recognized that we were waiting to order. One person working on a Sunday. Waited 35 minutes for our food. Was served with no napkins. When tried to ask for some the guy working was no where to be found. Water machine disgusting and there was no ice in the soda machine. While eating a previous customer came to get a refund. Her burrito tortilla she said was hard. She warned us all to check out food before we ate. When ordering they were out of chicken. The guy working serves us our food after the long wait with headphones in his ear and you could hear the rap music he was listening to as he put our food on our table. Unfortunately it's hard to be mad because the food was actually good. It wasn't that good to forget about this experience so we will never be back.,1.0
"Very decent lunch spot, favorite thing to get here is the spicy gyro pita. I don't think I've seen spicy gyro at many places, and this one is pretty great. The Asian fare is ok, it's what you would expect- not great, but definitely not bad either. Pretty decent value for lunch.",4.0
"Air Canada now flies out of Billy Bishop Airport, which must really suck for Porter. It's exclusivity is now gone. But, that still doesn't stop me from flying Porter out of Billy Bishop's downtown airport. There is free shuttle service to BB from Royal York.

Yes, there is a 3 minute ferry that transports you from point A to point B - lets get that walking bridge constructed already.

The actual airport is so small that there is nothing except a huge lounge with free softdrinks, water, nuts/pretzels and cookies. There are sandwhiches and salads for purchase, but at $10 or more for cold cuts, I think I'll pass.

The only reason why I would go to this airport is because of Porter. Even if the same flights were offered between Air Canada and Porter, I would still chose the later. That being said, for those who furvently collect Aeroplan, you can now fly out of Billy Bishop.",4.0
Visiting from out of state.  A couple of friends wanted to eat here. I thought ok. The waiter wasn't friendly at all. Didn't seem to know much about the menu.  Seemed to be annoyed because I wanted to do a substitute.  Food came out.  The teriyaki chicken was coated very well in the sauce.  I wouldn't comeback.,2.0
"Love the place and the pizza looks fantastic! So Italian! Will come back for sure! 
Great service as well. The waiter was very quick & kind. Everything was just perfect!",5.0
"Upon entering this establishment, we were greeted with an awful odor. After a few minutes discussing it we came to the conclusion that a bathroom drain somewhere is flowing the wrong way. All this aside we decided to stay and tough it out. Some of the silverware was dirty. The bread was good! The chicken saltimbucco was over cooked and therefore dry. The saving grace was the tiramisu. It was amazing!
Our service was shaky at first but got better.
So check the smell and if u can take it, grab some bread and tiramisu and run! 

Solid 3 stars!",3.0
"Haven't had a problem with Edison's in terms of customer service...yet. First ever time ordering I was quoted 30 minutes, and was pretty much on point when I finally found a stupid parking place in shitty Tremont. 

Honey is weird, but, it works well. My order was accurate, and cooked correctly. By that I mean taking it out of the pan, and putting back in to cook more due to the toppings. Really love the garlicky tang of the sauce, and the sprinkle of Parmesan around the crust is always a nice touch.

The only issue, which is nice, is that there really isn't topping limits. Whatever you order in excess of 2 toppings is just piled on like its one topping each time. Usually it's the more toppings your order, the less other amount of each one. I ordered half pepperoni and mushroom, and the half was covered in pepperoni, and a shit load of mushrooms. This made it so most of the cheese wasn't melted, and the crust underneath a little doughy. I give them credit for putting the pizza back in more to account for this, but, you can't cook a pizza properly with all the shit on top and no way for the heat to penetrate all the layers. 

Sausage is amazing though. You don't see that style of sausage anywhere these days. I bet it the raw, pulled, style. As it should be. 

I'm a fan of Edison's so far.",3.0
"I really try and support local hardware retailers (granted this isn't local, but it's not ""big box"") as I worked at a small chain back in school.  However I cringe when I have to go here, the staff hasn't been too friendly to me.

I ordered something online and for the longest time the tracking simply said the item had been shipped, meanwhile I ordered something via Home Depot after ACE and it came before!  It seemed like the error was the store received the product but never scanned it in, thus I thought it was still in transit.

The past 2 times I've gone there, 15-20 min before closing, the employees are huddled at the front of the store and immediately ask me what I'm looking (in not the nicest tone) for because they close soon.  It just seems very pushy, as I'll go to Home Depot or Lowes 5 min before closing and I don't get asked.

I most likely would have bought more items if I didn't feel like they wanted to shut up shop early for the night.  I'll continue to go here for items on my way home, but not for my main hardware needs.",2.0
OK. Very difficult to find a great stylist in Young and Eg area. They charge big city prices for reasonable haircuts.,3.0
"I have been a regular their for the past 2 years, even though they have horrible service their food was always worth it. But the other day they crossed the line and we will never go back. The waitress was super rude when we asked for an extra bowl to share. Even went as far to make a face at me behind my back which my girlfriend saw. On top of that they never came back to refill waters or provide any service. Then when we went to pay, after swiping our card, the lady tells us that gratuity was added. 
I honestly was going to let the horrible service of that day go and come back again because to be honest I've grown used to their horrible service but they crossed the line when they added grat and didn't tell us until after swiping our card. 
Mind you, we were just a party of two and the auto grat only came out to $2 and some change but I find that extremely shady. Also keep in mind that we always tipped above 20% when we ate there. 
Kind of breaks my heart because I loved their malay laksa soup but a restaurant that does not value their customers does not deserve my business.",1.0
"Had to call for a tow again. Late saturday nite and we had a no start situation. I thought it might be a while before they got here. The dispatch said she would see if she could get them soon. Matt, showed up about 15-20 min later. Had us hooked and loaded in short order. Matt took it back to my house and helped me get it in the drive. We have used this company about 5 times in the past yr. Always have shown up on time . They have always called when they were on the way. I have never been treated as professionally by any other tow co . These guys have been awesome. Even the extra mileage charge we have had to pay a couple of times was very reasonable. Quik pik is A ok in our book. Thanks Matt.",5.0
"The main reason I did not give SCNM one star is because the residents are actually really great people who care about the patients that they are working with.  They genuinely listen and spend a great deal of time with you.  

Now, the reason I would not give them more than two stars at SCNM is because they seem to lure you in with their ""cheaper"" prices to be seen by a student.  The doctor did not stay in the room with them while they asked me questions, when they went to collaborate over my treatment plan with their supervising doctor, I was often left waiting for 45 minutes or so.  I have spent full afternoons here.  Some may say that's not a big deal but here is where it gets frustrating.  Even though my initial cost was cheaper, I still spent close to $600 in a month here and my issues were not resolved, they seemed to barely etch the surface.  They wanted me to follow up with them weekly at $75 a pop and wanted me to do labs that b/c the Doctor did not write the request properly, I had to pay $60 when my insurance would have covered it if it had been ordered properly.   I felt that I had to do quite a bit of my own coordinating within their own medical center, I had to tell their lab that the doctor requested that I get a sensitivity test done to which they had no paperwork on and wanted to charge me about $270 for it.     I felt that their treatment plan was arbitrary and designed to give the students an opportunity to practice their modalities on me.  One part of my suggested treatment plan was to come in bi-weekly for hydrotherapy sessions which would be under my follow up visit price of $75. That is far more expensive than a professional massage.   I did not fully understand why I needed hydrotherapy considering I was going for food sensitivities and GI issues.  I will give the doctor grace on this but I was prescribed a botanical tincture that had grain alcohol as its base.  For someone with a suspected gluten sensitivity (at the time, now confirmed by my labs), I am not sure how wise or thought out this was.  So, all in all, my recommendation would be to go to a Naturopath or Integrative medicine doctor (one who is both an MD and ND) who is already well-established in their practice.  Yes, it will be expensive upfront (about $300) but I recommend finding someone who will actually guide you through an insurance reimbursement process. The staff at SCNM did not help with this at all and the current doctor I am seeing's staff really encourages trying to get reimbursed by your insurance.  If one can put in $300 to see a fully qualified and well-practiced ND, they will then be able to be treated in one visit.  They will not need to go to multiple visits in a month with trial-and-error supplements, labs, and modalities.  In the time that it took for SCNM to find my food sensitivities and find ""medical grounds"" for me to have that test done, I would have saved $100's in follow up visit fees.   The other thing is- most of the ND's who teach the students at SCNM are practitioners who are trying to build their practice and have no been in the field long enough. 

*Another thing that raised a red flag for me was that it took them 2+ visits to finally ask me to get lab work done and it also took them THAT long to have me sign my ROI for my records with other doctors. I found this really suspicious and there was a lack of urgency there.  I think labs should be requested on the first visit, so that on the second visit the doctor can compare your past results with your current ones.  It shouldn't take 3 visits to acknowledge a basic health panel like the CMP needs to be done.",2.0
"If you are into people watching, seeing cover bands playing classic rock, and looking at the all the freaks Las Vegas has to offer then this place is for you.  There are many casinos here with affordable tables, and the chance to see something out of the ordinary is a sure thing on Fremont street.  Oh yeah, there are also many places to find alcohol so how could you go wrong here.  Grab a drink, walk the street, and enjoy the show.

After reading other reviews I have to add...many of the casinos are very nice and clean.  Check out the Golden Nugget, Plaza, and of course Fremont.  They aren't the new ritzy places but they are nice and friendly.

There are indeed a lot of performers, and some are literally hanging out of their clothes but it is all part of the experience, just don't bring the kids.

There were a few beggars but coming from L.A. and visiting New York a few times it actually looked like things were going well in downtown Vegas.

Finally, I didn't see one crack head on Fremont street, but if that is the wild life you are looking for the bus station is just a couple blocks away.  I'm sure there is a great risk of being pick pocketed here just like any other place with a large crowd, but there is also a ton of security and cops.

Enjoy!!!",4.0
"There's a really nice selection and everything is categorized by dish. 
We used a 2-for-1 that we won at our hotel which brought our bill to about $30 which was nice for a buffet.
The waitress bringing us our drinks was very attentive and ensured out table was cleared of plates when we'd get up for more.

Overall good food. 
Good atmosphere
Friendly staff",4.0
"7 West, a bit of a strange joint, kind of Janus-faced .... half the week (Sun-Wed) in the evenings it is a relaxed, chill place great for reading or discussions. In other words, an actual cafe. The other half? It's a bar, plain and simple - loud (great music though) and crowded. 

The service is pretty good, and unlike a lot of places in Toronto, it's easy to strike up a conversation with your server - in fact, I would say the biggest plus to the place is that (sorry to say) un-Toronto vibe that allows total strangers to talk to each other. The best part of 7 West is how friendly and open the place can be, servers and customers alike, at any time of day. 

While the obvious time to come here is at night, I would recommend coming during the day as well - it's a neat place to hang out. 

While the service is good and the atmosphere great, the prices aren't, and the food is passable. I would say the prices are high, especially for what you're getting ($7 for a bottle of Guinness? Really?). 

7 West has found a niche, and kudos for them, I say. But I would also say it's unfortunate that it is the only place of its kind in this part of Toronto - we need more places like this, not only for its hours, but the atmosphere as well.",3.0
"There are already a bunch of positive reviews, but I am so happy about this place that I want to do anything I can to keep it in business.

I am absolutely thrilled that there is a boba place in the northwest. Tea Time has the familiar boba drinks, including my all time favorite of rose milk tea. They also serve a variety of snacks including peanut butter slathered on a piece of toast that looks like it's about 2 inches thick.

I tried a new flavor - peppermint milk tea. I wasn't sure if I would like it, but since the cashier talked me into it he said he'd make me a new one if I didn't like it. He was considerate and personable, and I appreciated it. It turns out that I really enjoyed the peppermint milk tea. It was refreshing and perfect for such a hot day.

I will definitely go back, especially since they have food options and wireless. They also have a frequent buyer card - buy 10 boba teas and get the 11th free.",5.0
"This place was awful. First thing we noticed was a septic smell when we walked in. If we weren't short on time and stuck with a previous plans, we would have walked out at that moment. It didn't get any better after that. Donuts were OK, but it wasn't very pleasant to eat them in a dining room that was at least 85.  I don't know how this place got so many stars, unless they weren't this bad before. Do not get donuts here. I hope we don't get food poisoning.",1.0
"I liked their service it was fast, friendly and courteous. The street tacos were delicious, The atmosphere is quiet comfortable. I would definitely come back to this place.",5.0
"Just six days before my wedding, my future mother-in-law offered to pay for some flowers for our wedding. My fianc and I were paying for the wedding ourselves so had agreed flowers were not a big part of it. I was happy to pick up a bouquet of roses that morning to walk down the aisle with. Needless to say, with the offer of his mom, we jumped on the opportunity. We spoke to Amy who agreed to meet with us on Monday morning. We literally were speaking to her as we were driving to the shop. She said she had limited time as she had another appointment to get to. That was fine with us as we understood the time crunch. However, once there, she spent all the time we needed to order five bouquets & boutonnieres as well as a few additional floral items. Not only were we able to order all the flowers we needed, she was able to keep them within our budget. We picked them up on Saturday and were very pleased. They were absolutely beautiful!! Not saying this is the norm in which she can complete wedding arrangements, however, we lucked out on a holiday weekend and slower time. She could have easily said no due to the very short timeframe. Thank you Amy & staff for the great job you did!!",5.0
"So far in my 5 trips, I've stayed at Mandalay, Aria, Ballys, Planet Hollywood, and now Flamingo. Flamingo in my opinion has been the best bang-for-your-buck. I booked the lowest priced room, but was able to upgrade to the GO rooms  (they have the big white cushion headboards). I thought the room was great! My room was on the 22nd floor, w/ a view of the Bellagio Fountains. The room was clean, flat screen TV, stereo system, couch, TV built into the bathroom mirror, shower and tub. Shower had 2 mid-level jets too!

What I liked:

- Centrally located on the Strip, easy to get places. 
- Room had an EMPTY mini fridge. (High-end hotels have triggers that charge you if you remove anything from them, low-end hotels have nothing and I end up bringing a cooler and refilling w/ ice. Having this allowed me to stock it with my own beers and drinks! 
- Flat-screen (amazingly, some places still don't have these) 
- TV built into the mirror in bathroom
- Stereo w/ Sub. Great for getting ready and pre-gaming
- Remote Drapes
- Express Check-out from your TV

Things I didn't like:

- They note an iPod docking station, but people have stolen every cord so they just don't stock it. Furthermore, that is not a normal docking connector. I recommend brining a male-to-male headphone jack cable and you'll be good to go!
- Bathroom sliding door leaves very little privacy. You may want to blast the TV in there and run bathtub if you want to cover up any awkward sounds. Or just use the lobby restrooms. 
- Like most places, you pay for internet.. But I have a free mobile hotspot feature on my phone so we just used that and were fine. 
- Charged me $1.25 for local calls. Remember to use your cell phone going forward. 

All-in-all, great place for the money...",4.0
"Hated this hotel. I stayed here for 3 days and didn't like it a lot. The room that I stayed in was dirty and ghetto. My friends stayed at a ""deluxe"" room and the decor was better, but not worth it unless you get the upgrade for free. 

The casino is not as nice either. The only good part about this hotel was the swimming pool.",2.0
"Why do I do this to myself- we had visitors so we had to do Harolds, crappy food, spotty service
But FUN!",2.0
"We went back here again during our Vegas trip. This time we went during the dinner hour. I'm really happy to see that every time we go back, the place seems to be more and more busy.

The food is still really yummy. The vampire and wet dream are still delicious. I love the variety of rolls they have here! :)",5.0
"Today I drove from Goodyear to far away Mesa to try out Moki's. I found them while searching for a Hawaiian style caterer for an upcoming social event. I tried out several of their dishes and loved all of them. The presentation of the food is lovely, the service is friendly and the food was tasty. I especially liked the Sticky Chicken and Hawaiian Salad. Even the Macaroni Salad, which I'm not usually keen on, was fresh and tasted homemade. We're going to use them for our event and I'm willing to make the drive again to try out other menu items.",5.0
Have been here many times over the past year....the burgers are consistently delicious and the staff does a good job of keeping the restaurant clean.  The service is always quick and friendly.  The cost is a few bucks higher than the chain places close by but you get what you pay for.  In my opinion the best place to go if you're not in the mood to fire up the grill.,5.0
It's good to know I can get a good pizza made on locally and on demand. low carbs is plus. Customers service was great too.,4.0
"Read all the reviews and thought it would be a cool tapas place to try, but such a disappointment (even with a certificate from restaurant.com).

This place lacks service, not only do you seat yourself but the server's eyes are glued to the game on tv. The server was unaware of our existence.

Food is below par. See the following:
Chicken and waffles, four overcooked dry wings and some criscut fries and gravy. Blahhh....
Tator tots with Parmesan and truffle just tasted like fried mashed potatoes. Bland and hardly any parm nor truffle. 
Wagyu slider, the patty was dry 
Spicy tuna and this other fried roll according to the bf is better at the buffet.  Rolls not only looked dreadful but the taste and texture confirms it. Imitation crab meat was used and it's extremely pricey for food that taste like crap. 

I guess the restaurant has no customers because they lowered their standards. Should've went to mr luckys instead...",2.0
"I didn't write this review immediately. My friend and I were out at dinner at a different restaurant the other night and while we were eating our appetizer,  I was thinking about our dinner at Monterey and said,

""Hey, remember those chicken and waffle nachos??"" 
He paused mid chew, frowning. ""Why would you make me hate the food that's currently in my mouth? It's not bad. It's really good. But I HATE it."" (They were awesome good mac and cheese bites, for reference) 

I should have written my review immediately.

We were up one weeknight and needed a late night meal. The kitchen was open until 10, so we headed out on a whim, looking for a place we hadn't been before. Monterey won due to its yelp reviews and I'm so glad it did. 

Normally, the mere concept of chicken and waffles kind of wigs me out and the description of them normally doesn't win my craving at all. It's been one of those dishes I've always been aware of that I simply filed under weird and never ordered, like Monte Cristo sandwiches. So I'm thanking the food gods that that night I went against my normal ordering habits and got them as my meal.

And they ARE a meal, don't worry.

""Belgian waffles, maple syrup, bacon, and pieces of fried chicken drizzled with jalapeno berry jam.""

I think it was the jalepeno berry jam that hooked me and I don't even LIKE or EVER EAT jalepenos, but the combo sounded promising and I lept. I was not wrong. It was amazing. I'm pretty sure it was fate.

Outtakes of our conversation that evening re THE NACHOS:

""They had this perfect thing, and THEN they put bacon on it and they didn't even have to but they did and OH MY GOD.""
and
""It's not even that it's a waffle, it's that they take the waffle and THEN deep fry it and I can't stop eating.""

So. You should go. Right now. Get the waffles. Get other stuff too I guess. 

(Oh yeah, our beers were good, the location quaint, the atmosphere was neighborly, the staff friendly, my friend's Guinness Shredded Beef Boaty was also delicious, and the menu interesting enough to keep us coming back for some traditional Irish fare, but more importantly....)

Chicken. and. Waffle. Nachos.",5.0
"They changed their menu and got rid of the items that made me come here. I am very disappointed with the menu change. I wanted to leave but the other people in my party insisted we stay. In addition, the bacon cheeseburger ball of the month was gross. I won't be back!",1.0
"The only place you can get peanut milk tea!Taste so good!they also have light bulb cups,come over and try something fresh!",5.0
"We were in town for the weekend. We wanted to hit up a local ""Triple D"" Dive, and we saw that The Dish had well written reviews. They weren't lying. The quality was excellent. It had a fresh and home made feel to every bite. Definitely coming back for dessert...one day.",5.0
I regret to inform you that the prices are reasonable for a reason. It hasn't even been a full two weeks and my nails and toes both look pretty awful. The techs did a good job but the product is not very good or it would have lasted... On to try out the next nail salon... Ugh,2.0
"The wife and I have driven past this small enclave of Bavaria on Kingston Road in Ajax multiple times and said we should try it out.  

So we stopped by. Before entering I checked Yelp!  Sadly there were only 5 reviews but with the majority offering 4 of 5 stars we went it.  

The place is the German version of an English pub.  We were there at 6:15 pm on a Thursday.  There was only us and another couple there.  

My wife noticed a musty smell.  Similar to a cottage being opened for the first time.  We had the pork schnitzel.  But you don't go to a German pub for a hamburger or veal parmigiana.  I had the breaded schnitzel and my wife had un breaded with gravy and spatzel.  

Both meals were hot and the portions decent.  I found that I needed something on my schnitzel as it was dry especially with home fries and red cabbage.  My wife felt hers was a bit tasteless.

I guess I was underwhelmed by the food but the musty smell and lack of customers left us with a cold experience.",2.0
"What crap! Not open on sundays? How can you call yourself ""hangover"" anything and be closed on a Sunday!
Other than that nonsence... this place is soo good. The pesto bomb sandwich is so delish! They are huge sandwiches and not expensive at all. I pick up food from here atleast once a week for everyone at work.",4.0
"I enjoy this Sam's Club, great variety of many things as majority of Sam's Club do. The only thing that I was unpleasant with was my cashier at the food court. I had asked a few questions about prices and the food offered there, and she was getting aggravated that I was asking questions. I asked 2. When she turned around to get our frozen yogurt, she was super happy with your co worker. I was extremely annoyed with her attitude toward me.",4.0
"El Paso Mexican Grill has been in Bridgeville for awhile now, and I have never visited there! My boyfriend was at Rumfish Grille for happy hour on Friday night and was planning on picking us up dinner. I knew this place was right next door so I suggested stopping there. 

The menu was hard to find online (maybe a lot of people don't order take out from here?) I don't even know if I ordered from the right menu to be honest! I ended up just ordering soft tacos- they come with 3 so I got 2 chicken and 1 beef. Chris wanted the ""Cielo Mar y Tierra"" it was some kind of mixed skillet. I also ordered us chips and guacamole. My tacos arrived really soggy and Chris's meal wasn't even what I ordered! The guacamole also wasn't very good and didn't seem homemade- how can ya even mess up guac?!

Last, when  I called to order, all of the workers were extremely rude. I talked to about 3 different people on the phone when I called which was also kind of weird. I can think of about 15 other Mexican places I would go before coming back to El Paso.",1.0
"First time being here and the food is delicious. We had the smoked pork eggs Benedict and the huevos rancheros. Great portions and the taste is immaculate. 
I always pay close attention to the Customer service and treatment and they were top notch. I will return again not as much for the food(which was delicious) but more for the hospitality and services. Thank you for the great experience. Definitely recommend",5.0
We senators half off there was no signs nothing and then they asked us to leave because the reserves reserved for another group this is our first time here they didn't offer us any drinks or a collagen in the chair I could set you back and stuff,1.0
"I like this place a lot but I've only been here twice. The food was great and the bartenders know how to poor a proper cocktail. I need to go back more often, but this place is high on my recommendation list for a good place to go.",4.0
"What is it about Asian donut shops? I had been a fan of Bosa Donuts but there aren't any all that close to my home and my wife had wanted to find another place nearby and found Beyond Donuts so we gave it a try. We were both very impressed. The raised Donuts are so incredibly soft and the ones with a glaze melt in your mouth. I prefer a plain raised glazed and either a lemon- or raspberry-filled, preferably with powdered sugar but glazed will do if the other isn't available.

I actually picked up some Bosa and Beyond Donuts to do a direct comparison and Beyond's are better.

Having donuts like this will make you never want to try supermarket donuts ever again and Dunkin' Donuts and Crispy Creme aren't even in the same league. Give Beyond Donuts a try, you will not be disappointed.",5.0
"$45 w/ jewelry 

My navel ring came out crooked! After two weeks, I was super upset since eveyone started noticing how crooked it was. I had to get it repierced somewhere else. My helix had to be redone three times since the earring kept getting pushed out. The most painful experience I had for a cartilage piercing. 

I had an allergic reaction to the body jewelries. Surgical steel is not supposed to give me an allergic reaction they said 
Sike! I told them I was highly allergic to most metals. The only one I wasn't allergic to was gold or white gold. And the guy said surgical steel wouldn't give me an allergic reaction. Unfortunately, it did still and now i have a couple of rashes around the area where the ring is supposed to be.

I give them a two star because at least the artist was nice. Idk what more to say. :/",2.0
"This spot popped up recently on my side of town. I love Hawaiian food so I of course I had to give it a go. 
On my first visit it was completely empty. Be prepared it's a dive, but dives are the best. It's run by the owners who definitely work hard. Their food is fresh and made with love. So far I've tried their Hawaiian bbq chicken which came with lots of rice and lots of chicken to my surprise Also, a combo plate of the chicken and beef. Both very full of flavor and not dry at all. Loco Moco is well priced for the abundance of food you receive. The taste is excellent as far as the main entree is concerned. The Mac salad not my favorite. Other then that I love that they have a protein driven menu with tasty sauces. My kind of place!",4.0
"PLEASE READ BEFORE SIGNING UP! It is a shame that I have to award this event a star at all. THIS IS NOT A 5K!!! There was not information provided before the event. It took us 30 minutes to find the event as there was no signage. The staff at the park had no idea what I was talking about when I asked about the event. No variety of shirt sizes available - large only. Start/finish sign was tied between two small trees. We were instructed to arrive at 1 pm for a 3pm race, but the announcer began discussing a countdown at 2pm. Every 10 minutes he would get on the mike and say 5 more minutes. The event leaders were all teenagers that provided no assistance. The so called ""color stations"" was a mother with her 5 year old throwing color out of cups or a teenager. We finished the course in 10 minutes as there was no signs directing us. In fact markings in the grass were left from a prior race!!!! It was mass confusion. The announcer went and stood in the middle as we lapped the course (since we finished before getting in a mile). The entire course was well under a 5K. I have already contacted Groupon requesting a refund and encourage everyone else too also. I am hoping they will stop promoting this vendor so runners can donate their resources to true 5K events.",1.0
"Room was spacious and clean.  Three stars was earned when they ""upgraded"" us to a suite on the 7th floor with a view of a wall.  I had terrible night sleep due the thin, un-insulated walls that screamed when someone turned the shower on in their room.  Won't stay there again & won't refer anyone to the hotel.  Lounge was very nice & food/drinks were terrific.  Call ahead for dinner reservations, they were booked solid for the evening.  Staff at the lounge won't book you dinner reservations, and don't expect to find an open table when you drop down from the lounge to the restaurant.  FYI - it is a very long walk to the tower from the hotel.",3.0
"I find this place more promising than other AYCE joints because the service is slightly better.  The food does not take tremendously long to come, and they did not forget items on purpose. 

The sushi is alright. Not amazing and not terrible.  I like the variety of appetizers they had.  I also liked the deep fried banana,  which is a little different item than you would normally get at other sushi places.",4.0
This cleaners is the best! I brought my daughter's dress and the cleaning was amazing.  The employees were helpful and the service was quick.,5.0
The place is beautiful but the food is bad. 4 of us got 4 different pastas and we all had the exact same pre-cooked chicken that was obviously not prepared to go with anyone's dish. It was bad. I had gone once before and the pizza was decent. Too bad the food doesn't match the decor.,2.0
Strip mall location.  Decent size portions. The wedge salad is crazy good. Negatives are cheap plastic glassware and high prices. $7 for a pint of beer? No way. Service was pretty good given the fact that a manager was also assisting the wait staff.,4.0
Horrible. Airport food. Completely tasteless Nobel burger absolutely hands down the worst burger I have ever eaten. The meat looked steamed needed salt and spices not even mustard ketchup or mayo on it neither wax it offered. The fried were laden in oil. Literally dripping in oil. And so small you couldn't even dip them in the tablespoon of ketchup they give you. Save your money and wait till you land to eat something!!!!!!  Airplane food tastes better !!!!! Oh and if you go and email yourself the receipt you will never get it and it will be too late to get it from the server.,1.0
"Not well run, to the point that it is frighteningly bad. Don't let the price deal suck you in.  One check in person but they have you get in line with the Thrifty line even though no one with thrifty can help check you in and it's a super long line.  Check in lady is super nice but they clearly need more people on for their reservations.

After waiting in line an hour, and being told there would be a row of full sized cars for me to choose from for my RESERVATION placed weeks before my trip, I got downstairs to several people who had been in front of me in line waiting b/c there were ZERO cars that we all had paid for available and no one working here had any idea when more would be available, once it was possible to even track a person down and the attitude was so aloof regarding the matter.  I wasn't even sure I was dealing with the right people based on seeming lack of concern and attire.  I was given a solution of going back upstairs and going to Dollar Rental to try to get a car from them.  When I pointed out that I had a reservation for weeks with their company and had waited in line for over an hour AND had already gone through the payment contract, the gal shrugged her shoulders.  I asked, ""so how exactly would that work?"" And she said they are all affiliated.  

Turns out they had two of the smaller sized cars left and the people before me took those instead of waiting.  There was one full sized car off to the side & asked another attendant if it was available & she said, ""sure, if you don't want to wait."" I went over desperate to get in a car and on the road for my trip, but as I approached, there was damage to the vehicle, just noticeable scratched on the paint job, though not where it wasn't drivable. As I started to pull away, I asked once again to the attendants if there was any issue with me driving that car and whom would document the existing issues with the vehicle.  They just point to the checkout gate.  

I pull up to the gate and a lady taps the windshield where there is some marking on it & tells me curtly that I can't leave with that car.  I told her what I just went through and she shrugs too and tells me to turn the car around and go back to see the attendants for assistance.  I then pointed out that those same attendants said it was ok for me to drive that car, but she says I have to go back.  I get back and they aren't even there.  I start talking to some other guy who didn't really seem to speak English but implied I would just have to wait until someone showed up with a car. The lady from the gate came walking back down and seemed to casually take the responsibility of finally helping me.  There was another car in an entirely different area they got me in which is why this is two stars and not one.  Though it took begging for help,  they got me on the road and for that I do appreciate. Shame it had to get to that. 

Car turned out to be great for the trip after that whole ordeal, but I dreaded the return process. Made sure to get back a little early.  Thankfully that process was quick and smooth.  

I've never been through an ordeal like this with a rental car and absolutely cannot understand how this sort of business practice can be allowed. THEY ARE AFFILIATED WITH THRIFTY AT THIS LOCATION & I would stay away from them as well.",2.0
"Everything is amazing, delivery is great, prices are great, and the food is awesome!

I love eating here.",5.0
Great experience. Great salon. Friendly & welcoming. So happy with my gel builder nails. My last set lasted almost 4 weeks! Dustin did such a fantastic job shaping my nails.,5.0
Finally found my shop to go. Amanda did an awesome job. Very friendly and explained everything. I will be going back for sure.,5.0
"Yay I am a fan BUT being a socal girl, my allegiance is with In-N-out ! I will say that their crinkle fries are fresh and delicious plus the ambiance of Shack Shake is perfect.",4.0
"I wish they had shake shack in Southern California. I know a lot of ppl compare SS to in n out but honestly, SS is way better. I had their smoke shack and it was so good. They had sweet red chile cooked with the burger which gave it just enough kick to get your tastebuds rolling. There is no lettuce or tomato in the smoke shack so if you are expecting that then don't. Their crinkle cut fries were crispy and perfectly salted. If you're a fan of cheese then get the cheese fries. The cheese is not overbearing and your fries are still crispy even though there is cheese on top of them. The decor is modern and lively with lots of seating. The staff is friendly and well managed. I'll make sure to come back the next time I'm in Vegas.",5.0
"I'm not sure what people expect from a fast-ish food joint.  Your review should be for what it is, not on what you're comparing it to.  GEEZ!!!

Awesome burger.  It may actually become my go-to fast food burger when in Vegas.  Sorry In-&-Out...  This is a really good burger that actually seems more like a back-yard barbecue style than the traditional frozen patty that you seem to get everywhere else.  Good fries, good drinks and good vibes.

Go to Shake Shack if you want to keep your taste ""buds"" buds.",5.0
"A friend and I stopped in today, not realizing it's usually closed on Mondays.  The owner, a super-friendly and very delightful man, let us in anyway and fixed us up with some tasty, tasty shave ice!  My fuzzy navel wasn't exactly peachy or orangey, but it was very good, and my friend's mango was really, really good.  I look forward to stopping in again and trying other flavors.  We were told the shop will be moving to 7th St. & Bethany sometime between now and mid-August.  Will defintiely stop by the new digs.",5.0
"I walked into 24 Nail for the very first time today and the service was AMAZING! 

Received the best manicure and pedicure I've ever had in Las Vegas! 

Open everyday with longer than average hours!!!",5.0
"I'm in love with this place. It is my go-to place when I crave for rolls. Their sashimi isn't too bad either for the price (although you can definitely find better sashimi restaurants in markham). 
I have been here at least 10 times, highly recommend the Rich Roll, Rainbow Roll, Lobster Roll and Sashimi Combi 1 (i think it is a lunch special?)
Service is great, the ladies there are very welcoming and polite. 
No split bills for Thursday and Friday",4.0
"This was an first and last for us.  We tried to call in our order, it went to voicemail, left a message, never heard back.  Went in to order, service was subpar, we felt hurried through our ordering, even though there wasn't a customer in the place, the cost exceeded the quality by a long shot on everything we ordered.  When we tasted each of our three pies, meatballs and brownie, I just couldn't believe this place could even open a pizza place, let alone pawn this off as pizza! One other note; three days later and my car still wreaks of the smell! We ordered normal toppings like, mushrooms on one and the one they call a Spicey Italian, must be the offensive smelling oder in my car, beware.",1.0
"Went back last night for some dinner, had the Mexican burger... not as good as I remember it.   Burger was super greasy, they were stingy on toppings and the prices seemed they went up a couple of dollars for a combo..  yes I'll be heading somewhere else from now on.",2.0
"Can we just take a moment and taco 'bout this place on King West?

As a self-proclaiming taco-lover, I have seen way too many pictures on social media for me to not head over and try it myself. We came on a Friday night (late though, around 8:30pm) and it was quite packed.

The first thing we got was the guac and chips. Wowz, let's just say we both loved them. We couldn't talk for a while cause we were both busy munching away.
 The chips were thick-ish and warm, while the guac was just a bunch of smashed up avocados with nothing else. (y) amaze. 

I ordered three tacos.
- Chicken Tinga | pulled chicken with guacamole and cotija cheese on a cripsy corn tortilla
- Pork | pulled pork, pickled red onion, jalapeno-cilantro crema, and cotija cheese in flour tortilla
- Baja Fish | beer battered mahi-mahi, cabbage, pico de gallo, and chiptole creme in a corn tortilla 

All three were absolutely delicious. I normally do not enjoy hard shelled tacos but the chicken one was my favorite! It could also be due to the fact that it had guac but still bomb. The sauces on the other two were also really good. I've had better tacos but I still enjoyed these.",4.0
"Helpful staff, wasn't ready to purchase yet, but I feel confident they would have worked with me to get what we were looking for had we decided to pull the trigger. Will probably be back there to purchase. Competitive pricing.",4.0
"Service was good, they were very attentive and friendly. The decor was inviting. I wanted to give them a chance even if reviews weren't good. I ordered Miso ramen and was very disappointed. The chashu was overcooked, miso was not freshly made and choice of ingredients just did not work out. I hope they can improve this and perhaps I might go back.",2.0
"We moved back to Toronto in October, and this place had quickly become a regular breakfast spot for us. The service had always been mediocre, but we loved the food and it was close to home. But our service on our last visit was so poor I really can't see us returning.",1.0
"They have expanded recently and it's so much better. All sections, men, women and children are bigger. Great selection for all the different lines of H&M. Everything from basics, to business, to causal, and alternative (somewhat). 

Also lines are not extremely long like they used to be and fitting rooms are bigger.

Customer service still isn't the best but they are nice enough, they help if you ask.",4.0
"I went to Gabi's during the North Meck Christmas parade, so the lines were insane but actually moved pretty quickly considering there was only one person working (Gabi herself, I believe). The Mayan latte I ordered was delicious, and the fact that there's free wifi means I'll definitely return the next time I'm around Cornelius and in need of caffeine!",4.0
"We are regulars. Always have that Korean homey feel. Loved that. Food is always tasty, spiced, awesome. Good location as well. Favorites are La Kalbi and GamJaTang.
My boyfriend love the sides so much he always ask for refills lol. Price is right. Would definitely recommend.

Didnt give 5 star coz there's room for improvement. Ambiance is fine but they can do better.",4.0
The business hours are not correctly advertised on Yelp or Google maps. They do not close at 8pm.,3.0
"This place was awesome! Was craving Chinese food for lunch but didn't have the chance to go till dinner. We came at 730pm and the place was packed. Was told that the wait was 45mins but ended up bring seated sooner. Our server, Jacky, was great and very attentive - he even sang Happy Birthday for our friend Teena with matching birthday cupcake and a picture souvenir.  The food was excellent and I especially loved the fried shrimp  and endless desserts. Will definitely visit again the next time we are in Toronto.",5.0
"Sushi, karaoke, beer pong & and ice cream topped beer. Interesting concept, delicious fish. Eel, ikura, uni, and albacore were outstanding. They'll even do name-your-budget omakase. Worth the trip off the strip. Friday and Saturday from 9-10pm open bar with free beer and cocktails with $5 purchase.",5.0
"Outstanding service! I would highly recommend this firm to any and everyone seeking investigative services. Hal, was extremely professional and informative. He was always available to answer questions in a timely manner and provide advice when needed. De Becker Investigations expertise is well worth every penny spent!",5.0
"I think this is a great AYCE sushi place.

The servers are always so nice and so sweet with our toddler son.

The food is fresh and consistent, with a good variety of things to choose from.  I love the pink lady roll, which has tons of salmon!  Sushi & rolls are very good, ""pizzas"" are served hot, not cold like alot of other places.  Tempura is fresh, piping hot, and crisp.  They also have tasty dumplings, rice and meat dishes.

Masa is definitely a great bang for your buck.",4.0
"I would have to compare this place to Lucca's Deli in Castro Valley, CA.

The sandwiches are great here.  Once you step out of your car in the parking lot, you can smell the great food coming from their doors.  
They are really quick to make your sandwich and take your order.  I went there just before the lunch rush, so I'm not sure how quick they are when it gets really busy.

The cashier up front was really nice and recommended we try their Canolis.  I'm glad we did because it was the perfect end to a great sandwich.",4.0
I can't get enough of this cafe!! I live in Peoria but I'll drive all the way to Scottsdale just to see Danielle and get a tasty treat :),5.0
"Open 24/7 which is cool, but pretty expensive $30 bulgogi. For some reason the funk on their kim chi is stronger than a roadkill skunk but doesn't taste bad. If you order meat ask for well done, it coulda used some char.",3.0
Charged my $116 for an oil change I talked then down to $71. Then they said they couldn't rotate my tires because their lift suddenly broke so they took $2 off. $69 for an oil change... And they wrote the wrong miles on my sticker. Scam. Going to the dealership next time.,1.0
"This review is very late, but the problems I am experiencing are still relative to my last visit to EcoWash. I have taken my car here for repairs and services over the past couple of years. I was happy with their services, but my last experience has left me looking for a new shop. I took my car in for some clutch repairs almost three months ago because of chirping. The mechanics let me know what the issues were and we had them do the repairs.

I started noticing the same noise issue coming back. So we called Ecowash. The person who took our call told us we could come in any time. When we showed up the next day nobody knew we were coming in. That was OK, the lady up front took us in. I had no plans that weekend, so my car could be left overnight if needed. When I brought my car in that Thursday, I had a recording of my car demonstrating the noise after travelling eight miles from a cold start.

My car was at Ecowash for four full days. We called towards the end of the day on Monday and were told that they couldn't figure out what was wrong and that the only way they could replicate the sound was by driving the vehicle hard. The technician's recommendation was to drive the car until a part failed. I do not ride or pop my clutch and I am very rarely ever in the upper power-band.

The three month warranty expired shortly after that visit. The clutch chirping has got considerably worse over the following couple of months. At present day, there is rarely a time when it doesn't make noise. I will just have to deal with it until I can save up enough money to have a competent shop take a look at my car.",1.0
"Decided to go give a local business some support as I yearn for a curry every once in a while. We don't eat out that much. We did a groupon. Found the place fairly easily but when you get there, there are a couple of businesses on the lower floor. The entrance is on the side of the building and you have to go upstairs so a little odd. The decor is kind upbeat almost night-clubby feel. Definitely not the  traditional Indian curry house set up. Still the spices wafting through the air made us hungry and it wasn't long before our order hit the table. The place was not busy at all.

The waiter was friendly and attentive. The view was great as you could watch planes coming in to land at the airport. The meal was good although on the smaller portion side. We enjoyed it all overall and will go back for another shot unless we decide to try somewhere else. Got to spread the love!",4.0
"The Chinese food and sushi always tastes amazing but I do have a few complaints about the staff. The lady who usually answers the phone to do delivery calls is very rude and makes me not want to order from them. The other lady who delivers the food is VERY strange but she means well. Sometimes she iss on the phone, speaking in Chinese to somebody, and will hand me the food and the check to sign and then just walk away without even saying thank you or having any type of conversation. The staff needs major improvements. The food has always been good and their lunch special is the perfect size! The sushi is always fresh and well made.",3.0
"This hotel is fine for one night. We had just come from holiday inn in north Phoenix and it was amazing there. We came here for a night and it was obviously not as nice. The room itself was a really good size and the bathroom was amazing. However the walls are pretty thin, and the lobby is a little run down.one of the stairs was broken on the staircase. The pool was very small but who cares when it's insanely hot outside. It was a lovely stay. I would come back.",3.0
"Love it love it love it. I always get the pepperoni, bacon, and ham on firecracker. Only thing I don't like is even if you're paying for your custom pizza and ask them for more, they barely add any. Other than that. Love the pizza here",4.0
I had the King Crab/Shrimp Chile Relleno. It was one of the best meals I have ever had.   We were a party of 6 and EVERYONE loved their food. Highly recommend.,5.0
"Why did it take me so long to try this place out? This place is wonderful in a lot of ways. They're carefully tucked away in a usually busy shopping complex, right next to a beautiful fountain, I would eat outside if it wasn't 98 degrees in Charlotte now. It's a lot more of a fast-foody feel which I do like because it's quick and casual, but I do sometimes wish the decor was a little more inviting (that might just be a personal thing). But I think it would move it into a dinner type of place. I'm not sure what exactly they could do though...

Their special plates are the real gem that I zone in on. It's so inexpensive for such flavorful stuff! I've tried their tacos and I will always get the fish ones because they are so well seasoned! The fish is so flaky and soft, while the taco itself is usually well toasted to soak up the yummy sauces. The greens in the taco are also unusual but very welcome I LOVE cilantro and the rest of that cabbage-carrot-mix! I've also had the pleasure of trying the 1/2 chicken and the chicken plate with hot sauce. Those are also quite satisfactory. Not to mention the 1/2 chicken is massive. It does not even fit in a to-go box very well. There are little drum sticks poking out of the box. Ha! The grilled zucchini is also a winner. 

I don't really think I can rave enough. I think everyone should go here for some inexpensive and tastey food! They are pretty quick at to-go orders as well. I went in there when it was quite busy (just now) and they got my two dishes to  me in about 10 minutes.",4.0
Great price and the owner is very nice!  Shortest wait I've ever had waiting for a smog check here in Las Vegas.,5.0
"Best place for Vietnamese sandwiches! They also have good coffee but they put so much ice in it that you only get a little bit of coffee! 

The food is affordable, they only accept cash only.

The croissant sandwiches are pretty good too. The roast beef one is a winner.",4.0
"I love this store! Every time I'm in town, I stop in and pick up earrings, trinkets... I really wish they had an online store! They'd make a killing!!",4.0
"Ah, North of Brooklyn. I've wanted to try this place forever it seems and I finally had the chance this week. I had the 'white' (arugula and ricotta - seems to be the most expensive on a per-slice basis so I'd recommend buying a full pie if you're eating with friends as the prices for larger sizes seem standard across pizza type). It was a decent pizza but the crust was a bit too thick and hard for my taste and for whatever reason the flour from the base kept crumbling off and thus it was somewhat of a messy eat. I wouldn't recommend delivery if you're in the financial district as the wait time is rather long but for a quick bite when you're in the area this isn't bad at all - still more of a Queen Margherita fan for now though!",3.0
Probably the best quiche i have ever had! The service was great. I am giving it 4 stars because it was a little crowded and too small which made it uncomfortable. The food was awesome though.,4.0
I'm not really good a reviewing so excuse this: this place has really great authentic gyro with some great menu combinations,5.0
"Four stars only because of the sushi, which was very good for a buffet. Generous amounts of fish and no need to order just pick it up. The rest of the food was mediocre. I would go back for sushi especially around lunch. All you can eat sushi for around ten dollars.  Can't beat it",4.0
"Nothing bad to say about Venicia. It is an awesome place to live. The location is perfect. 15-20mins from the strip. Grocery & gas are close by. There's great shopping and restaurants all within a 5 minute drive.

Staff is super friendly and helpful.  I have had minimal maintenance issues and when I do the staff is quick to respond. The apartments are spacious with a great layout and multiple models. If you're looking, it's worth checking.",5.0
"This was my first trip to Ulta's and it was actually a real fun shopping experience!

They have everything here, lotions, perfumes, nail polish and makeup! I didn't know where to begin! There were really nice associates to help you with your purchases and to do sample makeup so you can see the products before you buy!

I loved that they had a lot of sales like B1G1 for makeup and nail polishes! I enjoyed shopping around in here and would definitely return...especially with all the great deals!",3.0
"We have never had a bad experience here, neither with food nor service. Yum! I highly recommend the Sea Bass, if you can afford a little extra.",4.0
"Vegan donuts!!!!!!!!!!! The truest love of my life. I love donuts. I love them.

This place was AMAZING. I cannot stress enough how fresh, light, fluffy and good these were. They are like the good-twin of Dunkin Donuts, hiding out in secrecy in a small shopping mall. These are what all donuts should be (vegan and fresh and good!)

Best: jelly donut, chocolate frosted and...the munchkins!!! Oh the munchkins. I would like one ball pit full of these, please.

The owners are absolutely kind, polite, awesome people. Best ever.

(PS! This place is cash only)",5.0
"We stopped in Le Chalet for dessert because my friend wanted to check it out. I am SO happy we did! I'd very highly recommend Le Chalet to anyone who wants delicious food, excellent service and a unique atmosphere. 

When you go, sit at the crepe bar. We did and quite enjoyed learning all about the dishes from two of the chefs, Kyle and Emily. They were quite welcoming as was our server. 

Their homemade caramel is to die for! I'm excited to go back for dinner very soon. Le Chalet is one of those restaurants that's worth telling the whole world about, or at least the whole Valley!",5.0
"I decided to eat at La Casa because of their Groupon and my love for tapas. The food is pricey, but in range for what a good tapas restaurant normally costs. However, their food was way below par and not worth the cost. 

The highlight of the evening was the mussels dish in white wine sauce, which were flavorful and well-prepared. However, the experience quickly went downhill from there. The baked manchego tasted like frozen mozzarella sticks. The Moroccan spring rolls were bland and with a strange teriyaki dipping sauce. The crab cake with mango sauce was okay, but also not very flavorful. The patatas bravas tasted quite good, though they were not nearly as crispy as I normally like. The flavor made up for the mushy texture, but I think they mostly tasted that good in comparison to the rest of the food. In addition, their sangria was decent, but not great.

The ambiance was fantastic. The back porch area is lovely in nice weather. However, even with the groupon, this is not a place I would come back to.",2.0
"When we arrived at our apartment, we found the carpet cleaners inside and our carpets completely drenched. Jeff gave us some excuse that we'd arrived earlier than they thought and so our apartment wasn't ready, though it wouldn't have been dry for another day, at least. They left a giant fan with us to dry our apartment ourselves and we spent the next week rotating our moving boxes on our wet carpet attempting to dry every spot, but it still left a stench for our entire stay. As if that wasn't bad enough, we found dead cockroaches in every single kitchen drawer and cabinet, several that had been painted over--clearly someone had seen the cockroaches, but instead of cleaning the mess, chose to ignore them and sealed them in with a coat of paint. When I complained to Jeff, his response was that he was sure it wasn't intentional and that he'd send an exterminator over right away. For the already dead bugs. At some point, our bathroom faucet had a leak underneath, and maintenance ""fixed"" the problem with some duct tape. Also while we were staying there, a dead body was found inside the dumpster, so that was exciting. And finally--we'd moved into the apartment with a special they were offering, one month free rent. We'd asked before moving in if there was a penalty for breaking our year lease early, and Jeff told us the only penalty was paying back the free month's rent we were given. However, when the time came to break our lease, we were told that not only did we have to forfeit the free month's lease, we also had to pay an extra month's rent on top of that. So that was a nice surprise. One star is being very generous, though maybe they deserve it for the low price and the great location.",1.0
"Amore is a great match of personality with great service and bar staff, the food is absolutely killer and it's locally-owned and operated so when the owner asks you how your experience was, he actually means it.

It's the best place in the 85255 to have some laughs, delicious food and great beer varieties.

Kicks the competition square in the rump.",5.0
"If you go for just pizza or ribs they are great. I ordered some wings though and i can say honestly they were the smallest wings i have ever seen. The wing sauce was not the best either. I thought i was getting a good deal at 12 wings for the same price as others charge for 10 but after eating all 12 i was still left wanting. I have also found their side dishes with dinner are old tasting. Say no to cole slaw, potato salad, macaroni. Fries are ok though.",3.0
"This place is great! The owner is absolutely the nicest guy around and he makes quite the effort in remembering who you are, what comics or characters you like and your opinion on what is going on in the shop. The fact that it moved into a larger building is is quite exciting since now they can expand even more and Ken can squeeze even more unique and original product in. 

They regularly attend geek-awesome events like Phoenix Comicon and Arizona Amazing Con in addition to being members of Local First Arizona which supports efforts in helping shoppers understand why shopping locally is so important to our community and how vast the positive effects are. 

The collectible action figure selection is awesome, posters are prints that can be hard to find elsewhere and the comics themselves always have me discovering something new. I am a customer for life!",5.0
"The pizza at this location is flavorless as a lack of even an adequate amount of toppings- especially their individual slices. Almost no cheese, chicken pizzas have next to no meat on them. Pizza Nova is quickily gaining ground on Pizza Pizza and operators like this are to blame.",1.0
"The food smells good, but my chicken chow mein left me unsatisfied. The curry vermicelli is a better choice. They serve very big portions, so I suggest you order family style. Unfortunately a lot of food went to waste because we didn't want to take doggy bags to our next stop...the strip club.",3.0
Horrible...placed an order at 7:42pm got an email confirmation stated my order will be delivered at 8:32pm it is now 9pm and my order still has not been delivered. I didn't know I ordered by pony express.....,1.0
We went in for a quick dinner knowing this was a bar/cafe and were impressed! A choice of four sandwiches with a side of house pickles was the perfect compliment to our beers. We will be back to try some of the interesting Quebecois beers and to test out their cocktail-making skills. We highly recommend!,5.0
"The atmosphere, food, and service made for one of the most fun dinners I've ever had. I loved every second I was here. This is a great place to start  the night right and is a must see. Make sure to get there before 10 pm if you plan on dining here because the dining area pretty much clears out after that.",5.0
"How have I missed this place for so long?  A fairly authentic German beer hall in Las Vegas with great beers in those tall German steins as well as authentic enough food, what we tried was good.  Service was good and clientele and staff were entertaining.  Great place for a group to get downright silly...LOL.",4.0
"This is my go-to Target. The workers have always been nice to me and ask if I need help (I must look like I need help).

Its your basic Target except its split into two stories. Not a big deal, but you have to be very organized when shopping here or you end up going up and down and up and down and up and down. Especially not convenient if you have a small child riding in your cart and you have to wait for the elevator. 

The other issue that I have run into is that the staff don't re-distribute the carts. So if the majority of the carts end up on the 1st level, and you park on the second level you have to hunt down a cart.",3.0
I came here with a large group. The chef and waitress were both very friendly and amazing. This is the first time I had sushi and I was very impressed. They had a very fresh ingredient list. I will definetly visit again,5.0
"This is a very nice place to do karaoke and get drunk in private rooms with your friends.  I can't believe that no one has reviewed it yet!  
You have to pay for a room, which I think is usually around $200. They have hourly rates: www.bar-plus.com  They have 3 sized rooms: from small to large.
The drinks are pretty expensive for a karaoke place but the decor is nicer than all the other places I've seen.  Their selections for songs are huge and they have Chinese, Korean and English... And probably other languages too.
This place is great for group events and birthdays!  I've been to many birthdays here.",4.0
I can't thank Don enough. You made a bad situation better. I had no idea Vegas had an appliance parts center like this. They had exactly the part I needed with thousands more in stock. Don you have not seen the last of me. Lifetime customer earned today. Thank you tons.,5.0
"I LOVE THIS PLACE,  This is amazing gem found in Cleveland that you just wouldn't expect.  Yes it is a bit harder to get here but once you know that you get off Edgewater/Whiskey Island exit and go down a long and winding road, around water treatment plants and buildings, you can visit a little piece of heaven.  As a huge volleyball fanatic, whiskey island supports a beautiful community full of food, music, fun and most importantly VOLLEYBALL! No matter the skill, there is a league/division that even the most enthusiastic picnic volleyballer can play in.  The nets are in good shape and the area is beautiful with a dock and boats surrounding you.  I was so surprised that this was one of my first visit until just recently, but this is definitely something I will be visiting more often.  Just coming here and relaxing with friends is something I would definitely recommend on a sunny and beautiful day in Cleveland!  People need to preserve these beautiful spots, because it is one of Cleveland's hidden gem!",5.0
"Wow.  This was the best customer service I've had in a very long time - I'm talking like decades.  I had a biking jacket given to me as a Christmas gift - it was too small.  I brought it in without a receipt.  Exhale was happy to exchange it for me. They did not have my size in stock in that same style.  I was told that they would be able to order one for me.  I was also given the option of an in-store credit.  Instead, I selected another style of jacket that was slightly more expensive.  Exhale covered the difference!  I was astonished.

They have a great selection of (mostly Specialized brand) products.  But outstanding customer service.  Despite the fact that this is not the closest shop to my house, this will be my bike shop of choice.",5.0
"I really enjoyed lunch here. The tortas were very unique and delicious! Full of flavor very good combinations. I had a nortea torta, it was packed with avocado and cheese. Yum!! The USA torta was good too. 

Our waitress was very friendly. Always smiling and making aure we were doing good. 

Boo-hoo no beer is sold but its not a big deal, get an  agua fresca or a liquado instead, those are great as well!

Overall you have to appreciate this place for what it is, a local torta restaurant, well worth the trip!",4.0
"Phoenix is lucky to have a theater like this, and by that I mean one that brings in the documentaries, foreign films, and award nominees that don't get play in the regular multiplexes.

Sure, other towns sometimes have one art theater that will play a limited selection of these movies, but to have a multi-screen theater that runs these films continuously throughout the year is just a treat and Harkin's Theatres should be commended for making this available.

Yes, it's a little dated inside, and I do wish they had stadium seating, but those are minor complaints. In fact, I'm old enough to remember going to see Tron when it was first released in 1982 at the Camelview (before the mall even had another theater) and I loved the theater then and I still love it today.

I certainly hope the rumors that this theater will be demolished to make room for more mall expansion are just rumors because the Camelview Theater is a shining point of light for cinephiles in the Valley and it deserves to remain so.",4.0
"Finally made it out to Firefly on our last Vegas trip. The food was good - loved the mussels in curry sauce and the sangria the most. However, the service was very confusing! After a few minutes of being seated, a waiter came up to ask us if we've been helped. The tables aren't assigned? After that, it was hard to find the guy, and he forgot one of our orders. When we told him that he forgot, he said oh I'm sorry and stared at us as if to ask what we'd like him to do. Anyway, at least the food was good!",4.0
They did it again! This specific location always goes above and beyond to service the customer. As someone who has a gluten intolerance this location always asks if I would like the oven cleaner before they put my pizza in to cook. I feel 100% in being able to eat at this location. Thank you again!,5.0
"This used to be such a fabulous mall.  I have been coming here since it was an outdoor mall, and have enjoyed watching it grow through the years.

Over the past several years the folks at the kiosks in the mall have gotten more and more pushy.  They offer you a ""free sample"" and then when you politely decline they continue harassing you.  This places the customers of the mall in an uncomfortable position.  We don't want to be rude, and they force us to repeatedly decline.  For folks who don't know any better they reach to accept the free sample and the salespeople coerce them over to their kiosk where things get even more uncomfortable and pushy.

Don't go near Neiman Marcus or Dillard's on the top level!  The people at the new Lioness store are just obnoxious.  They call across the entire area where the floor opens to the level below to try to get people to come into their store.  ""Dear!  Dear!"" the guy calls out.  If you ignore them they keep calling and calling.  How sad is that?  The Orogold store was the same.  I always avoided that whole side of that level because I knew they would jump out at me as I passed.  On the top level heading toward Charming Charlie's is a kiosk that is much the same, so I don't even go to that part of the mall anymore.  On the lower level near the Walking Shoe store are two more that make people VERY uncomfortable.  These people are relentless!  It reminds me of a bad car dealership experience. 

I simply don't understand why the mall leasing agents allow these pushy owners of kiosks into the mall.  I remember when there were many kiosks and those folks wouldn't bother the shoppers.  They were kind and waited for folks WHO WERE INTERESTED in their products to stop at the stations and inquire/purchase.  And they always seemed busy.  Now we are bombarded and put in an uncomfortable position!

I wonder how the larger fixed stores feel about people avoiding those areas because the mall is letting such rude, pushy owners into the mix?  It truly cheapens the whole shopping experience.  I have watched mall attendance decline sharply over the past few years.  Painting the mall the latest fad gray and changing the flooring to gray won't fix the problem (now the mall looks cold and uninviting - what a supreme waste of money).  The problem is the kiosk owners.  I have so many friends and family members who no longer go to Scottsdale Fashion Square because of this.",1.0
This s*** was bomb!!!!!!! Best Vietnamese restaurant I've been too. Lobster pho was amazing. Everything I thought it would be. Bone marrow soup was delicious. Can't wait to come back to Vegas again,5.0
"Went here as a last minute decision with my family on our stop through Las Vegas. EVERYTHING was so good! We all ordered our own dishes but then couldn't resist taking test bites of everyone else's. They cook with fresh herbs and it smells amazing!

Seared scallop appetizer is the best scallop I've ever had! 
Foi grais- not on menu but you can still order it. Was very good, I usually don't like it but I loved this one! Easy to share because you only want a couple bites
Zucchini, mushrooms, and asparagus make for great light vegetable sides
Sea bass was moist, tender, and tasty
Filet mignon- extra pricey but excellent 
Lime chicken- very tender and tasty
Lastly the chili cilantro shrimp fried rice was a very good twist on fried rice. Wasn't overly soaked with soy sauce, wonderful combination of flavors.

Overall, great experience. Portions are on the smaller side which was great so order a couple things and didn't leave feeling grossly stuffed. Very expensive but well worth it.",5.0
"This is a good location, with lower than average room rate. Unfortunately the property is at the end of it's life cycle. The interior and rooms are dated. With that said, the staff was professional and bar restaurant is good. Just hope they have plans to renovate soon.",2.0
"Recently moved from Chicago and spent some time looking for a few antique places similar to what I previously found in Andersonville (Scout, Room Service).   This is a great little place that does a nice job curating pieces and also making wood from reclaimed wood.  The neighborhood is NOTHING like Andersonville, but glad to see this place exists.",5.0
"A great food truck.  Very friendly service and fresh ingredients.  The chicken banh mi was one of the better banh mi I have ever tasted.  Tasty chicken with a nice sauce that I could not really identify, but oh so good.  The sandwich had pickled cucumbers and carrots, and cilantro.   
An interesting menu.  Will have to stop back and try some of the other items. The grille Kim-cheese and taco sound very interesting.",4.0
"The food is good I've been going to this since 1992 . I went last night around 10pm I ordered a #6 very good folks. The guy taking the money and giving you your food was very rude . He was yelling for people to come get their food and slamming it down on the counter.  If you pay with credit card  or debit,  he demanded a tip... saying ""so how much can I take for my tip"" His hands was dirty and rough looking as if he just worked on a car.. I didn't catch his name but if you go you will know who I'm speaking of..",1.0
"I had heard about this place from a friend and went after class for my birthday. It was kind of a quick pop in - to see what it was about - and we ended up staying. We loved the environment, the music and the windowless panel to look out to the street was pretty cool. It is a skater/hip hop/alternative restaurant and that's what I pretty much loved about it when I walked in.

We ordered several things on the menu because they're $5! But do be careful, you will end up spending a lot because everything looks so good! They're mac and cheese is to die for! So creamy and cheesy, it tastes better than homemade! The drinks are pretty cool as well, they have a wide selection but it is more on the expensive side - only downfall but I guess that is to make up for the cheap food. Overall, it is definitely somewhere you need to go!",4.0
"You read all the reviews and get the idea what the problem is with this place...The food is decent but the service is horrible, the staff becomes confrontational for no reason and it looks like the place has not been cleaned for years, I would pass this place for a take out but dine in is a big no !!",2.0
Heather does the best massages around! So relaxing and rejuvenating!,5.0
"We went to this location on Friday evening and did call ahead seating. When we got there the place was absolutely packed, I don't think I've ever seen it so busy before. We were seated right away thanks to the call ahead seating option (which is very user friendly online.) Our server was new but extremely pleasant and accommodating. Since it was taking a while for our appetizer to get to our table the manager actually came out and spoke with us offering us our appetizer on the house. I didn't even think that it was taking a long time considering how busy it was. The manager was extremely nice and did more than she needed to. Other than that our food was cooked perfectly and we were extremely satisfied. Overall great experience!",5.0
"I will admit, I am not a pinterest fan. I kind of think pinterest is ruining the world by homogenizing school projects everywhere and allowing people to pretend to be artistic when really they just have the internet. Regardless, the husband got me a splatter paint date (on groupon for a ridic amount of money..... over 70$) for Christmas. We went. It was fun. We splattered paint of various bright neon colors at a canvas in a cool paint covered room for a half hour or so. The end result is fairly ugly (did I mention I'm not very artistic?). We then got 'wine and cheese and chocolate' as part of the deal. The cheese 'plate' was like 4 slices of cheese from one of those costco trays.... sad showing. We each got one glass of champagne that was fine. The 'chocolate' was a fun sized hershey. No joke. Not exactly what I would expect for a '$100 value.'  I know people go gaga for this kind of thing because it is just sooooo instagram worthy, but I think it's sort of a gimmick. If you like that kind of thing, though, you would love this place and should go right away. It just wasn't for me.",3.0
The food here is great if you're looking for some good seafood. We got the get your feet wet. Great combo! Our server was max. He's always attentive and polite.,5.0
"First, a disclaimer: I moved here from Southern California and my parents still live in Orange County so I probably visit them and a crawfish joint there (Boiling Crab, Claws, etc...) at least every month.

Hot N Juicy has gotten better over the years with their service.  The waiters are very attentive now and you will never experience a crisis of tongue-on-fire and an-empty-drink-in-hand.  The service is consistent and commendable.

However, what they improved in service, they still lack in taste.  Let me digress for a second: the spine of any seafood-in-a-bag formula is the sauce, something that resulted from Vietnamese people living in New Orleans, loving crawfish, Cajun spice, butter, garlic, and more garlic.  The Viet crawfish craze started in Houston, jumped to Westminster, and spread nationwide.  Hot N Juicy is the Las Vegas response to a community that contains a sizable Vietnamese population.  They caught their lucky break from appearing on the Travel Channel.  But they cannot be the representative for the Vietnamese Cajun crawfish subculture.  Which brings me back to sauce: Hot N Juicy's most popular sauce for any seafood in a bag is far behind.  Besides being too watery, it also contains too much garlic (yes, it's possible).  There is having enough garlic to highlight the flavor of the seafood (something Boiling Crab & Claws in Orange County do well) and there is suffocating the flavor with too much garlic.

There is one thing I love here, which are the sweet potato fries, fried to perfection with the right crisp.

I'll go to Hot N Juicy if my Vegas friends crave it; but if it was up to me, I'd ask them to work on improving the sauce, like they have with the service.",3.0
I have a credit union in Northern IN & being able to have access to my account down here has been great! The staff were all friendly and kind to me & gave me no hassle retrieving funds from my account!!!,5.0
"All I can say is wow! If I could give 6 stars I would! I'm new to town from Indiana, so I didn't know who to call when I locked my keys in my car after a long graveyard shift. I called around, some folks wanted $90 to open my vehicle, but I would say average was around $65-$75. When I called this company (I'm ashamed of myself for not getting the man and his wife's name) he said $50 and he would be here in 10-15 minutes. Deal! When he came to my apartment 10 minutes later, he called me and I met him near my vehicle. First, I'd like to say thank you for, not only the professionalism, but the conversation. This man and his wife were so polite and interesting! As a 23 year old getting a grip on reality, it's truly inspiring to speak with a man who has worked so hard his entire life with his lady right beside him.. He unlocked my 1990 GMC Suburban like a true professional and then, by my surprise, instead of asking for money and getting out of there, he asked for my keys. The man climbed in his van and made me TWO spare sets (my vehicle has separate entry and ignition keys)!! I can promise you that for as long as I am in the Phoenix area, this is the only locksmith company I will ever use! From the bottom of my heart, thank you so much for the help, and for being the people you are!",5.0
"Great hot dogs- their chili is pretty dang good too, although I guess I like mine a little spicer. The root beer is amazing- an absolutely necessary addition to any meal here. I'd definitely come back here again as I'm anxious to try out their full menu.",4.0
"I went in for my first pair of glasses and told the salesgirl that I only needed to wear them while at work. She told me what the""best"" lens for my prescription would be and then told me the cost. Talk about sticker shock. I had no idea lenses could cost $330+ for my minor astigmatism. When I told her it was a lot higher than what I expected she stared back peddiling. When I told her I was going to shop around for pricing she told me that she could get me a better price by cutting down on some of the ""extras"" that she had automatically included. All of a sudden the cost was half the price. I feel like she tried to take adavantage of me because I had never worn glasses before. I took my prescription and left. Maybe a better approach would be for her to tell me what my options are along with the associated costs and let ME decide what I think is be best.",1.0
"Seriously, a fantastic dining experience. We sat outside on the beautiful patio, and I ordered Ono. It was cooked perfectly, temperature was Great, and the wasabi sauce that went along with it was incredible. The spring rolls and the fresh asparagus were also top-notch.  It's been a while since I've been to a restaurant and everything about my meal was excellent!",5.0
"How did he know? I guess we looked liked tired shoppers who needed a few margaritas, and they were damn good margaritas at that. The bartender was attentive, and so was the wait staff (chips and salsa as soon as we hit the seats). We had a couple margs and shared the brisket tacos, which were pretty deelish. The salsas are also nice. 

Only four stars cause, the decor is lacking any interest and it's a corporate franchise, it's hard for me to give five stars to a place that's a little too expensive and lacks soul.",4.0
"The decision to de-fuzz my hot-pocket was an easy one... actually going through with it is a different story! Since I am now a pro at having these done on a regular basis, I thought I'd share the experience with other curious but nervous wooly mammoth Yelpers... please note this service is available for boys and girls!

The online last minute booking system is great because I can usually book my appointment the night before to avoid surprise visits from Aunt Flow if I pre-book too early (although they can still accommodate you if you still want a Brazilian during her visit *shivers*)

I am super comfortable with Julie my aesthetician, but for those not quite porn star enough to expose your caslopus to a female stranger don't worry... they are used to seeing these things day in and day out and they are pretty professional about it. 

The prices at Ten Spot aren't the cheapest. at $55 a pop, they are probably the most expensive but I think comfort both physically and emotionally are really important so in that respect it's worth it. 

Tell your aesthetician it's your first time and they will walk you through it. What makes the whole thing more enjoyable is the TV playing 30 Rock or the Office in your room, the tea they service you when you walk in and the gossip/banter you get to dish out while you are on the de-fuzzing slab.

I have always been curious about Brazilians... specifically with regards to the pain, so I was happy to hear that this location uses hard and soft wax. The soft wax is similar to what is used on a regular waxed surface. They use this on your bikini lining and outer upper areas of the hot-pocket which are less sensitive. The pain at this point is about a 6 out of 10. 

Then comes the dreaded sensitive areas of the hot-pocket! For those they use hard wax which is applied like shellac  and removed without the aid of strips once it hardens. It sticks to the hair and not the skin which makes it less painful but still a 7 out of 10.

Last but not least is the flip...  which is when you roll over and let her de-fuzz your backside. This is actually done using soft wax but only a 4 out of 10 for pain. When it's all done you'll get a chance to inspect yourself in the mirror and let your aesthetician know if they missed anything. Then off you go.

You'll be a bit tingly or sore for about 24 hours so I would recommend avoiding ""vigorous"" activities for that period... Also to avoid in-gorwns buy a bottle of TenSkin.",5.0
"The good: cheap, easy, and they let me bring my own photographer!
The bad: it's on you to make sure they get your info right, they do not run on schedule

I made an appointment for my ceremony a month in advance. The staff was very friendly on the phone, but I had to ask them to repeat everything back to me to make sure they had my information correct. When we showed up for our appointment 20 minutes early I saw that there was another couple in front of us but I didn't think anything of it considering they have multiple areas to conduct ceremonies, little did I know that they wouldn't even get to us until nearly 30 minutes after our scheduled appointment. This may not sound like a big deal, and to be honest it really isn't in the grand scheme of things, but I certainly didn't appreciate being made to wait around when I am ready to just get it over with and I know that had I been half an hour late that they would have had a problem with me. I had also brought in my own photographer whom I was paying by the hour, so a good chunk of her time was wasted just sitting around waiting to get started.",3.0
"Went to our first show last night. Let me begin by saying the talent was incredible, we did not stop laughing the entire time. Food and drinks on the other hand? The WORST. I ordered the premium Moscow Mule and it was incredibly weak and barely carbonated. It tasted as if it was watered down. My friend ordered a raspberry mojito and same story. The mint and raspberries weren't muddled and there was more soda water than necessary, making the drink flavorless. 3 in our group ordered makers mark on the rocks... Those were fine, although it's pretty difficult to screw that drink up. In addition to a cocktail I ordered a water and filtered/tap water is unavailable. You are forced to pay $4 for still Voss- no charge for ice tho HAHA what a joke... Moving on to the food: my dad ordered the gumbo, it was okay but nothing special. I ordered a chicken Caesar salad and the lettuce was soggy. The chicken was cold in the center and warm toward the edges... Yuck. My friend had mozzarella sticks and we didn't expect them to be handmade but if they had actually been cooked through- not still cold in the middle-it would have been nice. Another friend had the sliders... Soggy bun, pretty disgusting. We don't expect 5 Star fine dining at an establishment such as this but at least get your timing right when throwing frozen mozzarella sticks in the oven. Bottom line: eat dinner somewhere else and bring a flask... Bar rescue didn't do much but improve aesthetics and still not much of an atmosphere at that. Thank goodness decent comedians actually perform or this place would be out of business.",2.0
"According to my Japanese relatives, the curry taste as good as instant Curry, the kind that they buy at a Japanese grocery store. Also, the Oyakodon was too sweet. For me, it smelled like seafood because a little seaweed was sprinkled on top and I'm not used to Oyakodon smelling like that. After all, it has no seafood in it.",3.0
"Very impressed with my first experience. Placed an order for delivery, everything was correct, well presented, promptly delivered, and absolutely delicious! Combination fried rice, pork lo mein, seafood in garlic sauce, sesame chicken and egg rolls. Rave reviews by all! Keep up the great work!",5.0
"This place is definitely better than most Chinese places in the valley but definitely not the best Chinese food I've ever had...the food was kind of bland, if the flavor was stronger then it definitely would've gotten 5 stars from me...I ordered the Triple Delight & Egg Drop Soup...the portions were pretty big except for the crispy noodles that came with the soup, wish it had more flavor & had more...the egg drop soup was alright, it's just plan egg, no carrots or peas, & it could've been saltier...the Triple Delight was pretty good, just wish the sauce had more flavor...overall it was alright, most likely I'll try this place again...",4.0
"Awesome place! Super, clean. Service is fast, definitely home-cooked flavor. Veteran owned. Only place that I like Thai tea.",5.0
"Aside from the fact that it's owned by the friendliest family with much Aloha. And aside from the fact that it's conveniently located in NW part of town. And aside from the fact that it's very inexpensive. 

The food is amazing. Delicious. Divine. Can't-stop -eating-good. So glad we discovered it. Great for a low-key date night. And great for family and kids too. Definitely try their mango sticky rice desert. Best I've ever tried. Same for Pad Thai and green curry.",5.0
"From the outside it might well be a place to drive by, but the food is definitely worth stopping for. If you don't know what you want to order, ask the waitstaff for recommendations or bring friends who have visited before (which is what I did).

I had the eggplant from the Afghani Specialty menu with naan, and it was delicious but too much food, which was actually OK because I just boxed up the leftovers in a doggie bag (even if I had a dog, I wouldn't share). I also ordered a veggie samosa, which I had one yummy bite, exclaimed how good it was, and it was finished off in ""taste testing"" by my dinner mates. 

The naan was really useful, especially at soaking up some of the hot spices in the other dishes that my group ordered.

I'd like to try other items on the menu too, as they have a diverse assortment including gyros! Looking forward to visiting again.",4.0
"One of my favorite things to do when traveling is to check out any local record stores to see what kind of treasures I will find, so naturally, when I saw Zia Records on my way to my aunt's house, I had to stop.

Zia was not quite what I was expecting -- I had anticipated more of a ""proper"" record store, whereas Zia had more of an FYE feel to it. As in, they were stocked to the brim with DVDs, Blu-Rays, CDs, kitschy knick-knacks, and of course, records back in the corner. If I hadn't been pressed for time, I would have perused more of the other sections outside of the records, but records were what I came for. 

They have a nice selection of both used and new records. Organization was not their forte, as the records were very loosely (and loosely is actually a little generous) organized by letter. This was not necessarily a bad thing since this disorganization lead me to finding a nice copy of Velvet Underground's White Light/White Heat in the A section, but it was a little annoying that I could not rely on some sort of organization to riffle through the records. 

All in all, it was a nice stop -- found some records to take back to Oklahoma City with me, and when I'm in Vegas next, I will definitely stop by again.",4.0
"We ended up here for a rainy semi-girls night out. This place has potential but didn't wow me for my first visit. 

The atmosphere was nice. There were mustaches lining the walls and low lighting boosted by tea candles at each table. I like that this place clearly followed the theme of the bar and still managed to provide a nice ambiance. Even though the place is pretty small, there was a good mix of tables and booths and a decent sized bar. And let's not forget the delicious smell of hookah in the air.

The best part of the night was the DJ. He kept a good mix of old school and new school blasting out and we were bopping our heads and singing all night. In my opinion, he was a huge win for this place! 

Service was...non-exsitent. Since the weather wasn't great, they weren't all that busy but somehow still managed to leave me underwhelmed with the service. I'd give them another try, maybe when it's warmer.",3.0
"Love them,,, best burger we have ever had.... Great combination of NoDa brew and Hangover burger... Egg and bacon on burger....fantastic!!",5.0
"I hate having to lessen my star rating for Bernard's, as I have a personal liking for the Chef. However, I cannot justify a 4 or 5 star review after my most recent experience. 
My bf, stepson and I came here on a Monday night around 7:00 PM for dinner. It was steady, I have seen it more packed, and have also been here at a slower time as well.
We were sat in the back corner, which is totally fine with me. But it seemed that our waitress kept forgetting about us because we were out of view. We watched as people who were sat after us, receive their bread, drinks, and food first. Even though we ordered first. 
Now I never had seen this woman before, and I have been here at least 8 times since the opening. She may have been new. But we waited for everything. Not an average wait time either. Like we sat with our menus closed for 8-10 minutes before she took our order. The waitress who we always see there, actually had to go point out to the newbie, ""hey your table is ready to order"". 
Then when we got dessert, it took SO LONG for it be brought out. We ordered tiramisu and cheesecake. Other than slice it, what could have possibly took so long? 
Again the place was steady, but by NO MEANS slammed. I was so annoyed watching half the restaurant get great service by our normal girl, while we drooled over others food. 
Now the food was still up to par. Beautiful presentation, and worth giving Bernard's another go. But I hope they are not on a downhill spiral. What happen to Roger, the manager making his rounds? What happen to the hostess? They traded her in for the crappy waitress with a fake smile? 
Uh, step your game up guys!",3.0
"I think most of my ice cream found its way down my hands and on the sidewalk but it is tasty. 

I likely won't be back but it was a fun treat.",3.0
The owner is usually in when we visit this place. He is always super nice and the staff is really great. Very happy to have a great port of subs near my house!,5.0
I am new to town and needed an oil change. Sun Devils Auto at this location had great reviews so I checked them out. I couldn't have agreed more with all the positive comments people have thrown their way. Incredible friendly and welcoming. Super helpful and knowledgable. They also got my car in right away and I was fast. Two thumbs up for these guys. Definitely recommend them to anyone needing some auto help.,5.0
"I got a custom pedicure and French shellac manicure. Tammy and Cindy were fantastic! I loved how everything turned out. The salon is spacious and looks great. I subtracted a star because the custom pedicure is supposed to come with a massage but really it's just lotion being rubbed in. Other than that, a wonderful experience.",4.0
Great service and great prices! Not super loud and noisy like a lot of other bar. Will definitely come back again. Their Mac and cheese wedges are the best!,5.0
"Went for lunch yesterday, I had the chicken tortilla soup/ Caesar salad combo... The soup was very hot which is always a bonus, the salad on the other hand had a very peculiar taste.. And it was soggy, The soup was too thick for my taste. The only thing that saved me from not returning was the service! We were never rushed and the conversation flowed.",3.0
"Food was hot, cheese curds were on point and I loved the sweet potato fries! Hopefully they keep them because you just can't find sweet potato fries through drive through! Over all a good meal! Had the double bacon cheese burger as well and was very filling! Only didn't give 5 stars because the drive through window lady was kinds of rude!",4.0
Good subs with a generous portion of meats. The sandwiches are huge no matter which size you choose.  The Italian bread is good; make sure to get the oil dressing.  Way better than Sub-par Way.,3.0
Awesome - got back to me right away in the middle of the night by message and came the next day and changed my locks. Very happy and will use him again!,5.0
"Came to this supercuts because it was close to my work and I wanted a trim all my ends off they were getting really gross and just not attractive looking. The lady who helped me listened to want I wanted and kept my length, and the other lady ( sorry I don't know the names) helped cut my hair. My hair is healthier and still kept my length and more layers. I love how it looks. Definitely recommend this location the ladies know what they are doing !",5.0
"Love, love, love!!  Sushi is fabulous and the hamburgers are by far the best I have ever eaten!  Will definitely be back for another round to try something new!",5.0
"FREE CIGARS?  Yep- keep reading... but...

Don't go here...!

If you don't like smoke- don't go here.  If you have OCD and get hives when you see dust- don't go here.  If you don't like friendly old guys reliving their youth- don't go here.  If you're afraid of parallel parking- don't go here.  If you are allergic to vinyl seating surfaces- don't go here.  If you can't stand mellow classic rock (read: Led Zepplin)- don't go here.  If you're in a hurry- don't go here.  If you request 'Non-Smoking' ALL the time- don't go here.  If you are trying to become a hipster by smoking cigars- don't come here.  

Have I made my point?  But you're still reading...?  Great, then read on...

If you enjoy a good smoke, if you have a few hours to kill, if you love the idea of smoking in your own living room but hate the 'sticky-dirt' that accumulates on the walls only to be evident when you move your pictures around and find that your walls are 3 shades darker than when you first painted them, if you enjoy hearing stories that start out- 'When I was younger...' or 'When I was your age...', if you're not allergic to dust, if you have an open mind... you get the idea.  This place is a gem.

I'm a chill, relaxed, open minded, live & let live, love to hear stories, love to tell stories, love to BYO (as you can carry a 6 pack in here) kind of guy.  I was brought up in a 2 smoker household, my father quit cold turkey when I was about 12, my mother has reduced her cigarette intake drastically but still smokes daily.  I turned out ok.  No lasting effects, no long term issues.  I can't recall when I tried my first cigar and I can admit- I wasn't hooked.  I have evolved over time.  Now when I want to relax, when I want to recharge, I head to Blooms.  

Cigar Camp happens every Saturday.  What's that, you ask?  It's kind of like WDVE's Electric Lunch.  Michelle Michaels asks for 'lunch requests', she promises to 'try to get it on...' she 'Cooks it up & serves it hot'... but there's no lunch.  Here at Blooms- there's no Camp.  There's no tents, no campfire, no smores...  What there is is a very friendly owner (Mark) holding court and acting like the moderator of the debate on life.  My wife learned about Furries here, for god's sake!  She thought I was pulling her leg when I tried to explain it but after our second visit to Blooms when the old guys were discussing the upcoming weekend, she learned all she needed to know.  Cigar Camp does feed you though- there's usually ribs, corn bread, pulled pork, slaw, potato chips, all supplied by Mark (with a required purchase of course.  We all know there's No Free Lunch).  The 'campers' also bring stuff and we had our first taste of home-made Lemoncello here.    

Our first visit we learned how to get free cigars.  Years ago there was a bar in Homestead named Chiodos.  Chiodos was decorated with eclectic stuff.  Eclectic stuff and Bra's...  TONS of Bra's...  Well, I'm not sure who 'came' first- Blooms or Chiodos but Mark has bras all over the ceiling of the humidor.  I guess it keeps the cigars happy.  Anyway- we were taking the tour and my wife asked about them.  Turns out- if you give him your bra- you get a free cigar.  If you take it off in front of the 'cigar smoking court'- you get 2 cigars.  If you let him take a polaroid- 3 cigars.  My loving and open minded wife earned me 2 free cigars.  Pictures don't lie- but reviews can, she said.  ;) 

As for prices and the review that says the prices are high... Are you HIGH...?  Mark will take you to the $2 bin and tell you that this cigar is better than the $14 one 2 shelves over.  He'll tell you that the $4 ones are only half as good as the $8 ones.  He's not trying to win you over- he's telling you to think for yourself.  We're all individuals with our own tastes.  Try the $2 ones first, if you don't like them try a different one.  There's that saying that says 'You eat with your eyes first...' and those $2 cigars don't look like much but they have every bit as much taste as a $10 one with a fancy band.  Tell Mark what you want to spend and he'll pick the best cigar for your needs...  

Where am I gong with this review...?  I'm not exactly sure.  It's my very own 'trip down memory lane' that's continuously being added to, I guess.  But in the infamous words of Jimmy Buffett- 'The best navigators are not quite sure where they're going until they get there...' 

Thank you, good night and don't forget to tip your bartenders...  :D",5.0
"After the zero service from  competition across the lot, we could not have asked for any better than here.   The boom boom sauce was the perfect amount of spice when coupled with the bed of slaw cradling the shrimp!   The waitress was outstanding and very attentive.   The quality of food and service is the same excellence we see at the Quaker Steak back home!  Great job!",5.0
"We had my grandparent's wedding anniversary dinner at Eddie V's.  Our server, Rocco was awesome!  He was super attentive and friendly, and definitely made the meal even better.  

The entrees were all delicious, and for the quality, the prices seemed reasonable.

I will definitely go back again.  EXCELLENT experience!",5.0
This is my favorite place to get haircut. All of them do a great job cutting hair so you can't go wrong. The name says it all.,5.0
"worst service ever I had experience. had seated at chair for so long no one was even coming to check. Last, do not ever let server recommend something your check will be horrible. I had order a whole duck and a live fish to be cooked. Three people was just enough to eat no more stuff left. My check was $180 I was shock. I mean they are not even a restaurant at strip also their food was not even good as to pay for a round hundred. One more thing was they also add the tips even my table was not more than five. A restaurant with horrible service and no laws no more to say just don't go here",1.0
"I have frequented this place a lot lately since I discovered that it's close to where I live.  It's a really nice looking place with a lot of room.  I have had two dishes from this place (tenderloin sandwich and fish tacos) and the food is just average at best.  I think some of the drink and food items are overpriced.  

However, the scenery is outstanding and the customer service has been great for me.  They also have some great craft beers on tap.  I would recommend that you sit outside on the water and get a craft beer during happy hour or reverse happy hour.  I will continue to come here because of the customer service, view/location, reverse happy hour, and quality craft beer.  It's also a nice place to play Cornhole outside.",3.0
"Had the boneless chicken curry with rice and peas and coleslaw.  Thigh meat vs breast  meat which is more juicy, curry sauce was nice and portion size was good.

Cost was $11. They don't have the standard Caribbean sides like doubles or aloo pies but you can get plantain and some different buns and treats, etc...

This place is within a small queen street plaza across from much music so there is no place to eat or be seated unless you want to sit in the park behind the building which can be nice.

Service was very quick and very friendly as well.",4.0
"Haha I enjoyed this place. Even though the inside is dingy, the meat was too salty and potatoes not seasoned enough. The entire plate of food was greasy... it feels homey. The lady was super friendly, and I enjoyed my meal immensely :)",4.0
"I have come here with friends and my experiences have varied in the past. Usually you can get some alright middle eastern food and smoke a hookah here (that was the draw as a kid). But I agree with the reviewer who said this place over charges, make sure you check your bill it will not match up with the menu price and I am not sure if it is the waitress doing this or the owner (the waitress would undercharge to get a better tip, only the owner would benefit of charging more). Seems like this place has gone downhill since my hookah smoking days there.",2.0
This guys are really good at what they do. I had my rims fixed there at very reasonable price and it became like brand new.,4.0
"A high three stars for Trio.  

Nice bar, large dining areas and great menu with lots of choices and the entres are artfully done.

Service was excellent and children are catered to nicely.   Plenty of room for wheelchairs. 

Standard meals which one would expect in local restaurants, but a few different items that were quite good.  The meatloaf was excellent, esp as the mashed potatos were real, not dehydrated or from a box.

If you had a birthday to celebrate, a large family occasion or wanted a quiet, yet well-lighted place to talk, Trio would easily and comfortably accommodate you.",3.0
"This place has excellent quality food. Very fast service . 4 out 5 times that I have had lunch here, the portions were excellent. The last time I ordered to go, my bowl was half full. It was more like a 1 item bowl insted of the 3 item that I paid for. It is still worth going back to because of the quality",5.0
"Great food.  A little more expensive than similar places in the area, but the quality of the ingredients seems to be better and portion size is a bit larger. Service is also top notch.  I've had both burritos and the bowls and both were delicious.",5.0
"This place has been here for a loooooong time.  It is also only 2-1/2 miles from my house, how nice is that? The best nursery in the valley located only a few minutes away.  But, I have driven all over the valley to nurseries and also have ordered trees and plants online.  Anyway, it's the customer service here not-to-mention the vast property full of all KINDS of trees and plants that attracts me.  You walk in, someone is standing there.  They will walk the entire property with you if you so desire and they will describe anything you are interested in.  If you have a specific type of need to fill - shrubbery; shade tree; whatever, they will take you to whatever they have available.  

I went in there last week looking for a ground covering plant that I had bought at a nursery going out of business.  I didn't know the name of it, the guy offered suggestions but, walking 40 feet into the place I saw a whole stand full of them sitting there.  Yes, I was elated to find them that easily (neighborhood cats had trampled a section of them and I wanted to replace them).  

It's also Christmastime and they have a HUGE variety of Christmas trees!  If you have a 20 foot tall ceiling in your home, you will find a tree here that is absolutely beautiful that will take advantage of that space!  Their cheapest price is $29 - which is nice for a tree that is sitting in a stand with water versus all those other big box places that have them all clumped together, NOT sitting in water, death defined.  

Oh, and their delivery fee is $50. I was told that is wherever, though I suppose that rate might go up for a longer distance, I don't really know.  I've been to the other nurseries, alot of them, even the obscure ones that are not that well known.  Moon Valley has nothing on Whitfill's besides they do the planting.  Their selection is nothing like Whitfill's IMO.  If you are a plant/tree enthusiast, you have to at least try coming to this place once to see what they have to offer.",5.0
"My boyfriend and I came here for the taiwanese food (he's taiwanese) but left a little bit disappointed. We ordered an oyster omelette, a taiwanese tempura and a stone bowl beef noodle soup to share. The portions were generous but the flavour weren't authentic... 

The taiwanese tempura tasted like the frozen ones you can buy at the supermarket for your hotpot and the sauce that came with it tasted like a typical sweet sauce you'd find at any Chinese buffet. The oyster omelette on the other had had too much egg to it: a good oyster omelette should be composed in a large part of a starch/water doughy mix with some bits of eggs and oysters but this one tasted just like an omelette with oysters and some pieces of starch on the sides. The was nothing special about the noodle soup, the soup didn't stand out, the noodles were a bit over cooked to my liking and there was piece of boiled romain lettuce which I find very odd. 

I must say we left quite disappointed and will likely not return.",1.0
"More like 3.5 stars. The location is in deep North Las Vegas (non-yuppie chow town) so put into consideration what time would be best not to get shot and what not...so, I'd say before 2pm. Went here last night and it's a good thing football was on TV so everyone's at home.

Their menu is pretty busy. They have burgers, fries, sammies, Greek salad, Mexican food, etc. They have combos in secret code and you probably have to be a regular to know what those codes are. I had a few bites of their pastrami burger and chili cheese fries, and an horchata. I might say the burger was pretty tasty and the party wasn't dry. The lettuce they put on the burger was green and fresh (way better than wilted fast food chain lettuce). Their pastrami is what I call ""beginners pastrami"" which is great for non-pastrami lovers like me. It tastes milder than the average pastrami.

This is a no none sense type of place. You pick what you want, go up to the counter to place your order - if you ask questions they roll their eyes at you, take a number and have a seat, they bring your food to your table, you eat and you leave. What happens in between leaving the restaurant and walking to your car may vary.",4.0
"I rate this a 3 b/c I got the ticket for 65 dollars at the half price ticket place.

I would rate this a 2 if I paid a full fare on this.

Holly Madison does absolutely nothing in this show. She doesn't even seem interested in being there. She just prances around. She's much thinner in the poster ad too. Oops did I say that?",3.0
"After a huge amount of stress and worry, Kal sorted us out!  He fixed our carpet with great skill and courtesy.  I would definitely recommend him to help resolve your carpet troubles!  Thanks very much Kal!",5.0
"If you looking for a amazing massage Tony is your guy. Have been going to him for about 3 years and have never been dissatisfied. I found him on Groupon and have never bought a massage anywhere else since. His pressure is on point and he listens to you on where your problem areas are and kneads and trigger points exactly where it needs it. The room/table is comfortable and warm and he has a table warmer if you like that. I always feel safe and leave feeling better then when I walked in, definitely a 5 star place.",5.0
"Find this hole in the wall and go there. You won't regret it. We made last-minute reservations for dinner that afternoon and just barely snuck in for an early bite.

Seating is comfortable enough, the atmosphere of the place straddles something between a restaurant and a takeout joint (though, doesn't every Asian restaurant?!), but it doesn't matter. Starting with the too-cheap-to-be-true shrimp chips and moving on to two wham-bam thank-you-Siam noodle and curry dishes, my dining partner and I were blown away.

Undoubtedly some of the best Thai food in the city.",5.0
"it's come to my attention that torontonians wouldn't know quality italian food if it kicked them between the eyes. a growing line out the door & rave reviews by fellow yelpers was enough to persuade my wife & i into checking this place out on a saturday night...& we instantly regretted the 80 bucks we dropped. calamari was tough & rubbery, poorly breaded, & bland as all hell. my wife's linguine con gamberi included inedible, overcooked shrimp, a foul-tasting sauce, & undercooked pasta. my gnocchi had an affable tomato sauce, but the actual dumplings were a chore to chew through. even the wine tasted like a cheap bottle you'd buy off the $4.99 rack at a corner store. i'd bump my rating up to 2 stars if the servers didn't bring our food to the wrong table & award us with the distinction of being the only patrons without water. maybe we should have tried the pizza?",1.0
"Nice boutique type store with reasonable prices compared to other boutiques that caters to dancers. If you are looking for something that you dont want 10 other girls wearing on the floor, thats the store :)",5.0
I bought a coffee at a different Starbucks location drive thru and sadly I didn't try it until I was a few miles away. The coffee was really bad  I called this Starbucks since it was on my way and they took care of me with enthusiasm! They made me a fresh coffee for no charge and I was very pleased.,5.0
"The other reviewers are dead-on when they say you need a few hours to do it up right at the Brass Armadillo.  I kind of wish I would have thought of something in particular to look for before heading in; i.e. Tiffany style lamps, watches, etc.  But nonetheless, it was a blast looking at all of the displays.  Prices ran the gamut from really reasonable to really outrageous.  I saw a vintage 100% cashmere car coat with a faux fur collar in impeccable shape for around $30 (easily could have sold on eBay for twice that amount or more), but also a pair of fairly beat-up cowboy boots for over $150.00. 

Some of the items we saw were downright mind-boggling and definitely not antiques.

Lastly,-If you're scared of creepy old dolls stay the eff away; they're lurking around every corner!",4.0
"When I saw this place, I was super excited to try their burrito bowls. For $7.49 you can't go wrong. I ordered a veggie bowl, with cilantro rice, black beans, refried beans, lettuce, salsa, corn, coleslaw and avocado from a squirt bottle. Yes a squirt bottle. I questioned the quality of the ingredients after I saw that.

I took it to go. By the time I was able to sit down to eat it, all the ingredients were sloppy. Not so fresh after all. 

I still enjoy smoke's poutinerie, but not their burritorie.",2.0
Great food.  I loved the gyro. The vegetarian plate was great too.  My kids said it was one of the best places to get gyros.,5.0
"We went here for my girlfriends birthday dinner and was not disappointed!! We both had their special of the night, which was a steak and creamed corn. It was soooooo delicious I dreamt about it! Would definitely be going my back here.",5.0
"I have a 99.9% pure gold ring which is pretty soft so it gets misshaped easily. I went in and asked him to bend it back to round shape. He told me that I would loose a bit of the gold doing so. I said ok thinking it would be a nominal amount I later had it weighed by another jeweler and it was certainly not nominal loss. 
I'm not an expert but I have since bought a $5 mandrel and reshape it myself when needed - no loss of weight. 
I hate to accuse anyone but I'm pretty sure this guy stole just a little gold from me. Just a little.",1.0
"The worst!!!! Visiting in town, paid $40 copay for my sick 1 year old to see dr... she couldn't figure out why she hand bumps on her hands and feet, spent 45 mins there, even watched her try to search it on the net with the nurse... said she didn't know, I left wasting my time, money and feeling helpless for my child. Once we got back home had my child see pediatrician and within 30 seconds she said it's ""hand, foot, mouth"" and gave us medication. HOW WAS THAT NOT OBVIOUS TO URGENT CARE DR... the symptoms completely described the illness/name!!!",1.0
"I Love this Place!!! Alway running into friends when on my breaks or lunches here is nice. And My Lovely Baristas have My Grande Quad Shot Americano with Caramel Drizzle down packed!

People always ask me why I selected a Brand name when it came to my morning JOE. Well, just like the bars I frequent, I like regular(s)

Have an Amazing Day!",5.0
"I am a long time BMW driver (we currently have a 650 vert and an X5M).  I've never really been around anyone that had a Porsche so my knowledge of the brand was quite limited but I have always been intrigued by them.   I took some time a few weeks back to visit Hendrick Porsche after a service visit for my bimmer and had the opportunity to meet with Bryan Armbruster, one of the sales associates.

I explained to Bryan that I still had just under a year remaining on my lease but wanted to learn more about Porsche and the various models.   Even though he knew he wasn't making a sale that day, Bryan spent well over an hour with me to introduce me to the brand, show me all of the models and even test drive two different cars.

Being new to Porsche I know that it will take several visits to really dial in which vehicle and options that I will want.   Since my visit, Bryan has been very responsive in answering all of the questions that I have been sending his way.

I'm not sure when I will actually pull the trigger, but when I do, I can assure you that I will be buying my first Porsche from Bryan.",5.0
I have been here 4x I have three shitzu and from the first visit my experience was awesome. We do not take our dogs anywhere else. They are so comforting during stressful procedures. I had my female shitzu give birth to her 4 pups here. She was in distress because her pup was stuck in her uterus. It was about 6 hours before she birthed all of her puppies. The overnight Doctor say with us and talked about all different kinds of forms of payment. Due to money being tight we were worried that this would hit us hard. But we were able to put down and pay in installments for this procedure. I also took one of moms pups here as well as took dad today he had nails that were imbedded in his padding of his foot. They did amazing and it was not expensive for everything they did. I refuse to go to any other place. They work with you and are amazing people. I recommend this place to everyone. Though the prices are a little high at times depending on what is needed it is well worth it because of the care.  Thank you 1st pet NV for always being amazing.,5.0
"Our tour guide was great and had a lot of fun, interesting information to share. I was entertained the whole time and learned a lot about the city. 

I would recommend this tour to both visitors and Pittsburgh natives - my family is a mix of both and everyone enjoyed it. 

My only complaint is that the seats are unbelievably uncomfortable. They curve inward so you are forced into bad posture if you want to relax. 

If you have back problems I would come prepared with a back pillow for lumbar support. 2 hours is a long time to have so much pressure on your lower back.",4.0
"Had an appointment on Friday with Alex to get my hair cut and colored. She did an amazing job, I absolutely love my hair!! I will definitely be going back for all my beauty needs!",5.0
"Wow, with all of the horrible reviews this will certainly stick out.  Fact is, if I hadn't reached Aaron, the the call center, this Definitely would be yet another scathing review.
I had asked for the new upgraded water coolers, 4 times in 6 months.  They were either out of them, or was told one would be delivered to me, than was not.  Even with an online request for a skipped delivery, our driver left 4 bottles of water for us, and still no new cooler.
Pissed, I called Sparkletts 800, expecting to get nowhere.  Yes, you are on hold for a Long time, which sucks, BUT, than Aaron answered.  
Within 25 minutes he had a definitive date in which my new bottom load, hot and cold water tank would be delivered, credited me for the 6 bottles, suspended my deliveries for 2 months, (Upon my request), fixed all of the information on their website about me, and got me my Costco membership pricing, saving me allot.  
Aaron was Very knowledgeable, didn't give me a bunch of stupid excuses, and I never heard, ""I don't know if I can do that.""  He was friendly, took his time, and got me straightened out.  I've been with Sparkletts for a long time, so I didn't Really want to change, but I was really pissed, so I Crystal Geysers phone number ready.  
It's amazing how you can to through 2-3 idiot employees, than find an, ""Aaron,"" and boom, everything fixed.  They need ALLOT more people like him, and dump the other know nothings I had spoken to before him  
Nice job Aaron!  You're a valuable asset to that company!",5.0
"Very good Vietnamese food for Vegas!  We went there with our family and ordered a variety of dishes- from com thit nuong, bun thit nuong, nem nuong cuon, banh canh tom cua, hu tieu.  Everything tastes great and did not disappoint!  I'm pleasantly surprised and very glad to find a good viet place for my Vegas trips. :)",5.0
"I really can't get enough of this place.  For anyone who understands true Italian food, this is a must try.  I always enjoy their fish.  Perfectly prepared and always served up with delicious vegetables.  In my opinion, this place is a bargain given the entrees are all in the $20-30 range.  Pasta is even less than that.  They also have a decent Italian wine offering with most glasses in the $8-10 range and bottles below $40.  I've always found the food fresh, the service pleasant and the atmosphere lively.  What more can you ask for?  Oh, LARGER portions?  Go to Golden Corral if you want to stuff your face.",4.0
"This place is AMAZING!  If you're looking for a high quality burger, look no further.  Don't let the humble surroundings fool you. 
I had the Burger Brulee and can't wait to go back to get it again. 

Kudos to this place.",5.0
The lion is an iconic bar in the beaches. They have a standard selection of beers on tap and nice layout inside. Food is average but good for pub grub. I'm a fan of the nice patio!,3.0
"I'm absolutely in Love with my new car, and I owe it all to Kevin Skipper aka Skip! I felt like we were given an honest and fair deal. I'm very glad he was my car salesman, and the GM Nick was outstanding, I felt comfortable and I'm extremely happy with my purchase. Autonation has a large inventory of certified pre owned which made it easy to find what I wanted. (Ended up getting a Honda Accord while doing business on a Toyota lot! Lol) I highly recommend this lot and definitely ask for Skip!",5.0
"Decent Breakfast Joint.

Finally got around to stopping by for breakfast with my boy. A bit of confusion getting a table at first but finally got to sit down.

I had the huevos rancheros which where pretty good. Link sausage were big and tasty. My son had some sides but the hash browns were a little under cooked. Juice could have been a bit colder too.

$29 after tip seemed like a bit much for two of us for breakfast and they guy cleaning the tables could have trimmed beard and tucked in boxers but overall not too bad.",3.0
This place is so fun and the drinks r sooo good i dont remember much of the night but dancing and drinking lol the staff was awesone and the dj was really really good,5.0
"2nd time at Cathouse, and all I can say is Yaaaaah!.   Me and My wife came back to celebrate our 1 year anniversary, since we came here on our honeymoon last year and had a great time.  This time we had even better time, and without spending as much as last time.

Right from the beginning, our host, Alex Duncan picked us out of the line and noticed we were married and asked us if we'd be interested in table service with a drink minimum, I already knew we weren't going to stay at the minimum, so we were like 'sure'.  The host sat us in a great spot that felt very exclusive, we had our own waitress and the music was great.

Thank you guys for such a wonderful time, you deserve all the credit on this review and the very next time we come to Las Vegas, we know where we're going to kick it.",5.0
"I needed to get my car inspected and since this business is the closest location to my house that offers such a service, I decided to try them out so I made an appointment online for a State Inspection today at 4pm. The appointment setter online asked me for my car's make and model as well as the service needed before presenting me with a calendar highlighting the available appointment times. After reviewing all the days and times available, I went ahead and set up my appointment and received text confirmation a couple of minutes later. When I showed up at 4pm for my appointment, the guy at the desk very unapologetically said that they do not offer State Inspections on the weekends. I told him that they should address their website's appointment setter because it should not have allowed me to make an appointment for an inspection at a time when they don't offer it. He just said that he has nothing to do with that... The whole thing was a complete waste of my time and I will be taking my business elsewhere in the future.",1.0
I have a form i have to fill out and have signed every semester for an excess credit fee for credits earned though the military. I shouldn't have to wait here and fight to get this form signed by a counselor every semester.,2.0
"So far the staff at this campus has been super helpful! Lee Prescott is a hoot to talk with, and man he is full of useful information.. Like the size of this campus, small and easy to get around, I will leave more reviews in time, but for now I'm diggin it..",4.0
After looking at more pictures I don't believe we went far enough once we were in Kyle Canyon Rd. We saw signs for this and stopped but there was a visitors center under construction. We still parked at the end of this and went on a trail but it was very plain . Seems better for biking. Next time we will try going up further.,3.0
"It's unfortunate when you go into a store expecting decent customer service, but instead you are greeted with a woman who has no intention of doing her job. I went in knowing the exact phone I would like as my upgrade, and instead the employee tried to sell me everything I wasn't interested in. Frustrated, I left and returned a different day expecting different service. Instead, I wasn't greeted at all, and sat in the store for 10 minutes without anyone so much as acknowledging me. I left and went to the Verizon store on 67th Ave and loop 101, and I was in and out with my new phone in 15 minutes.",1.0
"A group from work came here for a team building exercise.  Half of us participated in the Shipwrecked experience and I was apart of the group who did the Residents.  Our group had a lot of fun! The puzzles/riddles were much harder than expected, and although we did not escape the room within the hour we made it a little over halfway (I would think!).  Some people in our group are already planning to return with their families.  

My only recommendation would be to bring a flashlight and reading glasses if you have bad eyesight.  This is also not a good activity for germ-a-phobes.  I didn't find it as scary as some people may think it could be.",5.0
"To be honest I'm not a best fan of sushi, so I had mixed feelings coming here. I'm still trying to get used to it so I was glad they had meat options available. I really had no expectations but I was impressed. I had the Santa Fe burrito and it was amazing! Customer service was super friendly and fast, I'll definitely be coming back.",5.0
"Can't say it's good for anybody not to have proper meals throughout the day.  I should listen to myself.  When I didn't however, I craved Japanese cuisine.  Who in the world is open at midnight?  Lots of places in Chinatown.  Except I was lazy to drive out further.  

Surprisingly not too far away, Sen of Japan is open til 1:30am!  Whaaaat... Yeah let's go!  Omgosh look - its across MadHouse Coffee.  Could be a great thing... :D

Happy hour menu til 1:30 too???!  I like these kinda surprises!  What's to order:
- Baked Escolar is baked super white tuna w/jalapeno pesto sauce topped w/pumpkin tempura red pepper corn.  This is superb!  One of the fancier items on their HH menu.  It's small but powered with flavor!
- Cut sushi rolls like Spicy scallop, Alaska roll topped w/seared salmon, and freshwater eel.  Okay maybe you have to have a thing for these choices.  The flavor was a little different than just simple nigiri sushi.  But suggesting to at least try em out.  Eel was my fave.
- No.1 spicy albacore top tuna was something we ordered first, but it came out second to last.  Irony? Yes and it was just okay.  Not number one for me.  They didn't save the best for last... It was different.  I would've preferred plain unfancy nigiri for both the albacore and tuna separately.
- Salmon carpaccio was the absolute last served to our table.  And this hit homerun for my taste buds.  This definitely I would order again!

The interior is really clean and proper as you would expect a typical Japanese restaurant to appear.  Check out their sake collection!  Huge sake bottles lining a countertop and stored in their ref.  Nice ambience and cool music, though not traditional music.  

Service was pretty professional for a late night meal.  So impressed with how the dishes were explained by the young man; even how he hand gestured to point palm up and detail the ingredients.  Wait...was he the chef?!",5.0
"I really don't understand all the bad reviews for this place. I always thought it was more of a sit down fine dining type place til my wife finally took me over the Christmas break. Right after sitting at our table waters were dropped off and fresh pitas and we hadn't even ordered yet. I jokingly said we should just eat this.

You place your order at the counter and then everything is brought to you in lightning speed.

I ordered the Shawarma dinner and we had a bunch of dips for the pita. The dips were great though I felt the tabouli was too minty for my liking. The shawarma dinner was good, but not the best I've ever had.

Overall I would definitely go back and try some other items on the menu as it is a really cool concept and the food was decent. I feel like there is something in the menu that I will really love and with the fantastic service and nice environment it is a relaxing dining experience.",4.0
"Brought our 17-year old cat here because his quality of life was deteriorating rapidly and it was time. I've never had to do this before, but I found the entire staff here to be compassionate and very helpful throughout the process. They explained the entire process to me, offered several different options and even took a plaster paw print of the cat for the kids to remember him by.

They also sent us a sympathy card with a small story inside that helps explain to children where pets go when they die.

This animal hospital was recommended to us by a friend who has been using them for some time now, and I would highly recommend this facility to anyone. The prices were also very reasonable.",5.0
"I had never been in the ABC tavern before it was redone.  But I love this new not-so-dark and dank interior.  They have a good beer selection (although to be honest I usually stick with the cheap wimpy beers such as PBR or Miller Lite).  
The food, though, is a step up above normal dive food.  With all their ingredients coming from the Westside market, they have some pretty solid food items.  The pork belly sandwich contains thick cuts of crispy bacon and comes with thin delicious fries. 
My friends and I shared an atomic dog.  A huge jumbo hot dog stuffed with jalepenos and then wrapped in bacon.  Wow.  It was ridiculously good but there was no way I could have eaten the whole thing without a guilt trip following.
The decor is bordering on dive but is still very comfortable and well-lit.  The music comes from Pandora and has varied from 80's ballads to 90's pop rock the times I have been there.  The clientele is nice, if not bordering on too nice as we had more than one person feel it was appropriate join in our conversation without being asked.  Overall, the place is comfortable and a great place to just chill.",4.0
Just got a caramel explosion brownie at their booth at the First Friday Art Walk in downtown Phx. Very tasty!,5.0
Mrs. Weller is an exceptional attorney. She's goes above and beyond to help her clients and answers all questions. Thank you for making this process a breeze.,5.0
"This place seems like it'd be amazing after a night of drinking when you have no concept of time and everything tastes better because even your taste buds have beer goggles. Unfortunately we rolled in early evening and stone cold sober. The waiter barely spoke but I believe that was because of a language barrier, and the service was very sloooooow. I got the ham and cheese sandwich. It was really simple but actually pretty good. My friend's meal on the other hand...not so much.  She wasn't very happy with the portion or the taste.  My other friend was equally as dissatisfied with her meal.  If we ever go back, it'll definitely be after a late night of partying when we won't care as much.",3.0
Awesome casual atmosphere to hang out after work !!! Good food when you don't to cook and you want something classic !!!!  I plan on coming here several times and getting different samples !!,5.0
"So I left an awesome review a couple of weeks ago, and after my second visit, we won't be back. My first visit was awesome!!  Pork shoulder, Brussel sprouts and service were amazing!   I went back for a repeat and it was a nightmare. I ordered the pork shoulder and sprouts again. I was advised since it was Sunday, I could only order potato chips as a side with the pork shoulder!?  Random, but I agreed. Our meal came and I was served a pork sandwich with crumbs of potato chips. It was ONLY AFTER the food arrived the server told me the shoulder wasn't avail and no longer on the menu.  She said it's ""been removed from the menu,  so I shouldn't have ordered it.""  She offered to remove the pork from the bill. Didn't offer anything else.  I said, ""I'm gonna need a menu since I came for lunch and my husband is eating.""  5 mins later she brings a menu. I pick something else and I waited 25 more minutes for mediocre, cold shrimp and grits. My husband finished his meal before my second meal arrived. We were charged for all of it. A manager never came by. Needless to say, we won't be back. Terrible service. Terrible menu.",1.0
"Always great service when I come here. Very friendly staff and great food. Love the sandwiches, salads and shakes! Shakes are half off if you order between 3-5pm EVERY DAY!",5.0
"This place makes you come into the restaurant to place a to go order. I came in, waited for 10 minutes for some guy wearing a tom Clancy t shirt to come up to the front. It was apparent he had no idea about the menu. I asked for extra pink sauce and he mumbled something to himself, I tried to explain what I meant and he told me that he would figure it out. This dude was either stoned to the bone or brand new although I don't think it was the latter. The teppanyaki here is good. Otherwise I would never put up with this kind of service.  I can't speak about the sushi as I haven't had it.  Bar tender is a good dude, chefs do a good job. 

Edit: So I wrote that review while I waited on my order. Steak is wayyy over cooked (I ordered rare) it came medium well. Meal came with 3 shrimp. My extra pink sauce came, it was only one container.  The stoner idiot host brought my my to go containers in a plastic bag sideways so everything spilled!!!! Ughhhhh what a moron!",2.0
"This gym has become my mecca of fitness the past couple of months. The gym has lots of equipment and usually there is little to no wait on the equipment. Unfortunately, the previous gym I was a member of (Lifetime Fitness) spoiled me, so I cannot rightly give a five star review, especially because at LVAC all the machines are crammed in together, often with little space to maneuver. Considering that the monthly membership is half that of my previous gym, I think the value is well worth the price.

Laura did such a great job of describing the gym that there is little else to mention. Though if you are like me and go straight from the gym to work in the morning, be warned that the showers in the men's locker room are just open stalls. The showers have better water pressure than my place so that makes up for it. In fact it's been at least a month since I've showered at my place since I go to the gym in the morning before I do anything else.",4.0
"under no circumstances go here!! stay far far far away from this awful place.  the staff is unfriendly and unhelpful. the environment is completely vile disgusting and dirty. the equipment is old and needs to be burned. i seriously think if you were to do a swab, as a matter of fact i know if you did, that you would find staff virus and mold and leftover sweat all over the floors and equipment. i signed up for this gym and basically was told that a two year agreement was my option, and that it would be easy to cancel this membership. after only two weeks i've been at this gym and only used it about five times, i found it very difficult to continue to go here. not only is the gym completely unfit to work out, but even the patrons that go here are to be desired. the locker rooms are absolutely disgusting and men stare at you in the showers while they masturbate looking at you. the staff does nothing to rectify this situation. i think it's absolutely bizarre that this is allowed. i would rather not have some 60-year-old mexican man stare at me naked and get a boner and jack off while he's watching me.  i don't care how cheap it is or that they offer day care or whatever else you may think is a good deal, go somewhere else. go to 24 hour fitness at least or your local gyms that are much cleaner and have staff that are friendlier. this gym has equipment that is about 15 years to 20 years old.  it is worth it to do a trial membership. trust me. and if you like it, then sign up.",1.0
"Good service but the ""dry rub"" wings are terrible.  Wings are overlooked, hard, and not labeled.  We complained to the manager but he refused to change them.  

Definitely won't be back!",1.0
I'm so upset. I usually come just for the sea foam milk tea.. And they took it off the menu. Whyyyyy????,2.0
"Im a huge nachos fan and I've heard great things about this place and their giant portions of nachos. Overall, Im glad I tried this place, it was good but I don't think ill ever have the craving to come back.
 
We ordered the cactus of the valley and the king's crown, while the first one was overwhelmingly huge, the latter was of a modest size (yes, I'm a big nacho eater). The cactus of the valley unfortunately had a little too much spice for all of us: we had to tone down the level of spicy with large amounts of water and sour cream (flagging down for more water was also a pain since there was only one waitress for all of the back). The salsa in both nachos was a bit too liquid, making most of the nachos in the centre soggy (especially in the king's crown, maybe also because it was all stacked up on top of each other?).

Overall, glad I tried and lived the hype but the hype aint for me",3.0
"Yea, this place is a bit sketchy at first glance but...don't we all go for the nostalgia?

Both employees where we 1) purchased tickets, and 2) purchased snacks were really quite sweet and seemed to enjoy their jobs.

I was a little baffled at the lack of navigation markers but, what the hell, I wasn't driving.

And what's to complain about when you are in your own car with people you really enjoy spending time with?

Throw in a little making out with your significant other and you have a quaint little date night!",3.0
"I usually love pita pits. However, every time I try to give this location a second or third or fourth chance it disappoints. The employees do not know what they are doing. I had the guy making my pita ask me FOUR times what type of meat I wanted ( I was the only customer in the store) and I kept saying black bean veggie and to not cross-contaminate. Well then another customer comes in the store and he *accidently* gets some of their meat in my patty area, and also uses the same knife and spatula even though I kindly asked to use different ones. The pitas I get always fall apart and are a mess, the bread is always dry and they don't cover the vegetables. Oh- and as I was sitting on their patio outside trying to salvage the mess made of the pita, they were blasting music with awful obsecenities that seriously offended me. Talking about getting high and f*cking bitches with wet p*ssies.... seriously Pita Pit corporation needs to either close this location or fire everyone... oh and I didn't go in the middle of the night, I went around 2 p.m. 

I usually don't write bad reviews but my experience here was so, so awful. And this isn't just one experience, it is the culmination of about five bad experiences but this last one pushed me over the edge. I want to like pita pit....I used to like other Pita Pit's. But this location, the employees and their general disregard for ANYTHING serioulsy has soured me.",2.0
"Simply Amazing !!!
Impeccable tint job on a 2016 Hyundai Veloster on all 7 Windows. Flawless. Jesus and his son explained the tint laws to me and what is recommended to wrap the whole car. I was very pleased with the tint job. Very knowledgeable,conscientious and personable in what they do. 100% satisfied customer. I would recommend this place.",5.0
"Some of the best food I've ever had, this includes all cuisines...this place is an absolute gem.",5.0
"Excellent pizza!  We got a thin crust Supremo and couldn't be happier with it. When I called in the order, they said 45 minutes but it took less than 30 minutes. We will probably go there next time instead of asking for delivery so we can see what else they have that's good.",5.0
I've had better burgers in a college cafeteria. The guacamole was very good though.,2.0
"Came here on a weekday for a light dinner/snack. It was slightly busy, but we were still able to sit down. 

What I liked:

- The food. It was very good. We had the cilantro shrimp salad (I didn't expect it to knock my socks off, but it did), grilled squid (also quite good), and sashimi plate (the fish was cold and fresh, just the way it should be)

- The service. We weren't over or under served. Our server was friendly and helpful. Waiting time was reasonable. 

- Ambiance. It was super cozy and relaxed. 

What I didn't like:

- The selection. I found the selection limited because it was only one page of tapas, and not enough enticing options (for me, at least). I picked a few things and was happy with them, but there was nothing I felt I just had to get. If we picked a fourth option, I would have struggled to find something I wanted. This isn't a problem I usually have at Izakayas.

 - Prices. I didn't pay, but I did see the prices on the menu. I know tapas are not cheap, but I thought it was a bit ridiculous to pay $19 for a sashimi platter, which had 9 pieces of fish. It wasn't even butterfish or tuna belly, it was your regular standard fare (i.e. salmon).

Bottom Line: Great place for a date. Very relaxed/cozy ambiance makes for a comfortable environment to get to know someone. Don't come here if you're picky or very hungry.",4.0
"I'm not one for shoe shopping, so this review is basically for my experience in here when a friend was buying the shoes.

We walked in after browsing the rest of the mall.  My friend immediately went right for the shoes he wanted.  In the meantime I just decided to browse their accessories they had that lined the wall.  Even though I wasn't there for a purchase per say, I enjoyed my time in here.  The staff were truly upbeat and attentive to everything that was going on in the store.  Never missing a beat.

I know how it is to work in a shoe store, so I knew all the tricks the associates were using.  But who could turn down a compliment?  Boosted my ego for the day.  I also picked up on all the sales techniques she was using on my friend.  I give you a thumbs up for that.  In the end, she did get a sale out of him, with a little add on.  For as much as the shoes are, I'm sure they do good business in here.",4.0
"Overall, too pricey for what you get and that's hit or miss dim sum with mediocre portions but quality ingredients. Very ncie atmosphere though. Food breakdown below:

Good:

The jumbo size sticky rice. It wasn't really that jumbo but it was still good.

Har gow- lots of shrimp goodness

Shrimp rice roll- lots of shrimp and some spinach as well. Pretty good.

Okay:

BBQ Pork rice roll- Meh. Typical.

Beef balls- Typical.

Shrimp and scallop dumpling. Quality ingredients but bland taste.

Avoid:

Chrysanthemum and Lychee jelly - too sweet and lacking qualtiy ingredients. Yuck.

Chicken congee- I feel as if they prepared it in a blender. I'm not sure who their target audience but it's surely not people looking for authentic chinese.

Vegetable and pork chiu chow dumpling- just didn't taste like anything special. Typical fair. Love it or hate it kind of food.",3.0
"I really want to like this place.. i have eaten ajisen all over the world. 

but till this day it still does not impress me.  I almost 100% will leave this place absolutely not full all the time..(im not fat... only in my stomach a little...(dont judge)).   

i have an expectation of being full and its always ruined when i leave because its exactly like eating 1 instant noodle.... you know that feeling where you feel like theres not enough noodles.. you want to cook another one but your afraid its a lil too much.. yet one isnt enough?

sad.. anyways  this warden and steeles location.. the staff are HORRIBLE.. service is horrible.. i came here with 40 mins left till closing and they couldnt wait to shoo me out.. giving me the bill way in advance.. the soup was super salty too...

i have seen the manager several times.. hes okay.. but the staff really needs to take a lil course on customer service 101.. or human decency 101.",2.0
"It's been a couple years since I've been to any Ajisen Ramen. I came for dinner tonight, and they were full at 7:30pm. We waited for a few minutes for our table, but I don't have a problem with that. I was quite surprised that their menu is considerably larger than it was before. I quite like that. The prices are around 9-12 dollars per bowl of ramen.

I had the BBQ pork ramen ($9.50). It had 6 slices of pork. The pork wasn't dry, but it wasn't melting in my mouth either. The egg wasn't soft-boiled, but it wasn't disturbingly dry. There were some bean sprouts and some shreds of black fungus. There was also a sprinkling of green onion. The soup base was a tad salty. The noodles had a nice chew to them. The food came out quickly. It wasn't super piping hot, but it was hot enough. I was in and out in less than an hour. 

My friend had the teppanyaki steak ramen ($11.99?). She said the steak was juicy and tender and delicious. It smelled pretty good. Oddly enough though, the steak and the bowl of ramen did not come out at the same time. She said this is normal (I'm assuming she would know, because this is her regular). 

Thing to note for next time: Their black sesame ice cream is $1.99. That's super cheap. I don't know if the portion is small or the sesame ice cream is now of a cheap quality, but if they're using the same kind as they were three years ago, this is a really good deal. I had black sesame ice cream for the first time in my life here many years ago, and I'd have to say that this black sesame ice cream was the darkest colored black sesame ice cream that I've ever had, and that's a good thing.

I'd come again to try more of their menu.",3.0
"These guys saved me a ton of hassle! My iPhone 4s got hit with a serious cases of bad juju. After having terrible experience with Sprint's customer service, I decided they weren't worth my patience and time because they were being a real thorn in my side. I made the trip to this sprint store all the way from the Monte Carlo and they were able to offer some super good advice. The reps in the store were friendly and approached with an excellent ice breaker to make me feel welcome. Truth be told, I don't see myself going to any other Sprint store from now on!",5.0
"I've come here twice now.  First time the car was totaled, so I couldn't really rate their work.  This time it was a ""fender-bender"", so I can.  We have the car back already, and they seemed to have done a good job.  It was really very minor, but in repairing the rear bumper they had to remove it and so also were able to verify that the structure underneath was not damaged.

I came here because my insurance prefers them, but I would come here anyway.  The only other shop I've found that I like is T&S, who also do a great job.  Chandler is a bit closer to us, though, and as good as T&S.",4.0
"So I do try and hit up Indian places when I'm craving the food so I went here because my fianc's grandfather was talking about this place and said it was very good lol So we convinced his mom to take a trip here and have Indian for the first time. 

The place is very big but it's also connected with a Chinese food place next door so it's a bit confusing when you walk in. But I did like the overall atmosphere of the place. Nice and relaxing, looked really clean too. The bathrooms were immaculate too lol We were literally the only people in there at this time so I can tell ya the service was fast haha 

I ordered the chicken tikka masala because I'm a coward and always order that when I want Indian food haha. I also had naan bread and we ordered two appetizers. My usual- vegetable samosa and something different this time. I can't remember the name of it but it was a fried patty type hash brown thing that had spinach and potato inside it and it was really good! You'll see it on the menu under appetizers - you can't miss it. Just read the description. 

My only complaint- I asked for mild sauce (I know I'm a wimp) but the sauce was pretty hot actually. I'd say it was more on the medium side. I still ate it but I just hate chugging my water or soda after every bite. I like to enjoy the taste of my food- not burn my tongue.  But overall- it was delicious! And we had tons of left overs haha",4.0
"I wanted to like this place as it was reccommended to me by a friend, but after giving it two shots, I probably will not be returning.  No complaints about service and it is a cute restaurant, but the food quality is poor.  Pollo rico is dry, chips are just meh, salsa is bland and it seems that everything is covered in so much cheese that you can't taste the food underneath.  With the amount of Mexican restaurants available in the area, do yourself a favor and skip this one.",2.0
"Ordered their special combo to go, they didn't Include rice soup or dessert!! Just the chicken, a spring roll and a salad. Very disappointed!!!",1.0
"Got seated quickly which was a plus and the waitress was nice but the food took a while, was Luke warm and  toast was hard as heck. Pancakes looked like pancakes but tasted like nothing no flavor.",2.0
"I was going to order some flowers for delivery but when I called, the phone had been ""disconnected from voip"".  Not sure if they are closed for the season, out of business or what. Gave it a one star just cuz Yelp makes me rate.",1.0
"Solid 5 stars review. It does not need to be expensive to get a high review.
I ordered the miso ramen bowl. It is I believe their signature dish. Came out fast. Tasted so good! I don't eat noodles or pho ever and I will start as of now. I really don't know how this stacks up to other spots.

However while I may not be an expert in ramen, I am an expert at service. My waiter was busy and one his co workers took my check presenter and brought me back my change. Nice to see teamwork.

Price for the miso ramen bowl? $7.50 
Put down that burger and sub and take a chance. Columbus did.",5.0
"Noticed this on the way home from 168 Market, located down North and across the street. Place was decorated with native style furniture and bamboo accents. Typical Filipino Buffet style entrees. They got a good selection of tradtional Filipino eats and fairly priced combos/to go containers..

Sinigang na pork (soup/stew with vegetables and pork):  Good amount of pork with just the right amount of sour and salty broth flavor that's so heart-warming!

Caldereta (beef stew based on tomato sauce): Tender and Tasty pieces of Beef with its Succulent sauce makes for a Very Successful rendition of this dish! 

Beef Steak (stir fried / boiled beef slices and onions): Explosive Flavors of garlic, lemon/ycitrusy sweet and soy sauce infused within the thin fall apart beef slices and sauteed onions. Extremely Tasty!

Crispy Pata (deep fried pig): How could this not taste good.. Crunchy, Chewy and Porky! Dip it in the soy/vinegar sauce and Enjoy!

2 Thumbs Up!! Pretty Good Filipino Restaurant!",4.0
"3.5 stars, Montana deserves more credit!
As a previous reviewer mentioned, there does not seem to be much of an association with the chain Montana's. 
The selection at the bar is pretty good and while the menu is standard American fare, it tastes right and is prepared fairly quickly. 
There is a dance/event space on the second floor, and although I have heard good things, I have not been there.

In brief, from the selection of bar/restaurants with Patio on the over-rated Richmond strip, Montana is a cut above the rest.",3.0
"Horrible service. Placed an online order, ordered a chicken Caesar wrap without chicken and extra cheese. Had the order picked up no extra cheese but had chicken. We had to take it back and the rude lady was at first refusing to remake it because she couldn't read where it clearly said no chicken. This place shouldn't last long. Wish you could leave a negative star rating",1.0
"This place was really good. The wait was about 40 minutes for us, but they have a pretty good text messaging system for waiting. I got the Crab Shack. It was good but I feel like their other burgers were probably better. It's basically a big crab cake made into a burger, so if this is your first time, try something else is my recommendation.

We were too full to try the shakes, but my friends and family won't stop telling me how good they are.",5.0
"Been here a few times, and will continue to come back,  my wife and I have never had a bad experience here, professional,  polite, amazing, clean, if they keep making us this happy, we will keep coming back.",5.0
"I really wanted to like this place because I love Caribbean food. It is a charming hole-in-the-wall spot and the folks who served me were super kind. I love little restaurants and always want to support them, and hey, maybe you will love it here! Clearly a lot of people do! But let me explain why I won't be going back. 

Price: $20 for a little drink and lunch seemed a bit ridiculous to me, especially for the quality. The helpings of food were decent but I honestly cannot finish it, nor do I think I'll be able to. I took a shower before eating here, and after trying to finish the food (but not being able to) I feel grease and oil seeping out of my pores. I took the leftovers home and was thinking I might be able to try to finish it by adding some raw greens & plain rice but honestly I need to throw it away, like $16 of food which is a huge fucking bummer because I am not a rich person and when I go out to eat I want it to count! My big criticism is the food is just so fucking OILY/GREASY!! I absolutely cannot eat it!!! If you are a junk food vegan and your main food groups/taste buds are oil/fat/salt/sugar, you may really love this place and find it to be just the comfort food that you need and want. I love decadent comfort food too, but really cannot stand stuff that is heavy on the oil/fat/grease. It makes me feel super, super sick but hey maybe you have a stomach of steel and are super into it.

It is probably the worst vegan mac I have ever had. If you're looking for a decent vegan mac and cheese, try Hogtown Vegan. For excellent light, non-oily non-greasy Caribbean vegan food go to One Love.",1.0
"Really delicious food.  We ordered the fish& chips, beef shoulder, crispy chicken thighs & crispy chicken sandwich.   All four of us were really happy.  Amazingly tasty and decadent desserts.  Attentive service. We will be back!",5.0
"Traveled to Phoenix with my boyfriend and our hotel did not have complimentary breakfast, so we found this little gem on Yelp! It's a small space, but offers the rustic, unfinished, hipster vibe we all crave when looking for a great coffee spot. 

We both ordered a 12 oz hot latte and the tomato, avocado and egg breakfast sandwich. The latte had a great, smooth espresso flavor and the sandwiches were HUGE and so tasty!! 

If you get a chance to try this place, definitely do it. Also, their customer service was fantastic. Troy immediately greeted us and took the time to get to know us when he brought out our orders...very nice guy! 

Will be back next time we travel to Phoenix!",5.0
"Good selection of pasta salads. Love love love the tarragon tuna and broccoli with bacon. It was light on the bacon, but if you remember to think outside the box, you can walk over to the hot foods (hot potato bar) to sprinkle some fresh bacon bits into the broccoli salad. Nice spread of other salad fixings.

I was impressed that I was stopped from re-using my plate. Here I thought, I'm just getting the same salads on my 2nd round, why waste water (save them from washing another plate. One of the staff suggested I get a fresh plate. When I said I was ok reusing my plate, he nicely advised that for health and sanitary reasons (to prevent accidental contamination), it would be best if I used s fresh plate. It never occurred that could happen. You learn something new everyday. I was glad he stopped me, glad he was conscientious of what clientele might do without realizing potential missteps.

We're stuffed after the healthy buffet. We'll be back for more soon.",4.0
"One of the many Vegas restaurants that can totally add some spice to your night life. With so many options to choose from, I would still say the boiler room is one to visit.

Food wise: the appetizers were great and the drinks were decent.  My girlfriend went with an interesting drink that came with a smoked skull head. It added to its favor and it's a must try. I wish I knew its name. (Drunk Vegas nights cause forgetfulness)

Ambience wise: it was nicely set up. Definitely a 5 star restaurant feel.

Service: the waiter was knowledgeable with the menu and was quick to get our order to us.

Price: standard Vegas prices. I can't complain.

Overall, I'd come here again when I want to explore more of the menu and get a decent meal..",4.0
"I would NEVER recommend this dental company, even if my life depended on it. My first appointment, the receptionists were rude to THEIR OWN stuff and to me. Acted like i was the least important thing they needed to do, the two receptionists were not professional what so ever! THEN i set a specialist appointment about removing my wisdom teeth... went to the appointment, They told me the same thing they just told me in the first appointment about my teeth and how they should take them out. would not do the extractions that day, so i was there a total a of maybe 15 minutes, then they say i owe them $75!!!!!!! I WAS NOT TOLD THERE WAS A CHARGE JUST TO SEE THEM! I CANNOT BELIEVE HOW THIEVING THIS COMPANY IS! After they made me pay, i only had cash, THEY DIDN'T HAVE CHANGE!!!! ""non of the offices have change,"" they told me. That receptionist had to take money from her own pocket to reimburse me, which she almost didn't. I WILL NEVER recommend thisdental company to any EVER!",1.0
"Faithfully Therapeutic Massage genuinely offers the best all-around massage experience in Las Vegas.  50 minutes of relaxation in a relaxed and soothing environment, makes for a truly therapeutic experience.  Reasonable prices.  Extremely friendly and professional staff.  Highly recommend Faithfully Therapeutic Massage.   John C.",5.0
"I love the wine selection here, and the owner Bethany is such a doll!  There are so many wine flights to choose from, just pick the toe of wine you're in the mood for and go for it. Ive had the Gouda cheese board and it was very well put together. It came with the cheese ( of course), raspberries, crunchy bread, pickles veggies (which were very unique), and this house made chocolate/fudge(really gives you a rush of endorphins). 

Unfortunately it's hard to tell when this place is actually open. One night I went with friends, and they were closing to the public early so we had to leave. Another night I wanted to bring my hubby for the amazing wine, and we discovered they were closed when we got there, and then two other times I wanted to go and didn't know they were closed until we got there. Its almost like they should post a calendar outside so you'll know when they're open. It was really disappointing and pushes me not to select this place even though the wine is so good, because how disappointing would it be to make plans to go here only to find they are closed to the public when you get there?  At least i know they are great for private events lol, maybe.",2.0
This is a great place to stay if you're looking to be on the the Fremont Experience. I was staying her in the second week in November for a week. Easy check in and check out. They have a unique elevator button system. I stayed on the 6th floor facing the the Fremont Experience and it was a bit noisy but not as bad as I thought it would be. No fridge or microwave in my room - I stayed in a double full. Everything in the room was clean and looked fairly new. There is a McDonalds downstairs right when you enter through the Fremont Experience side. The casino is always playing good music and is moderately busy at most hours while I was staying there. For the most part I would stay here again if wanting to stay in DTLV.,4.0
No need to bring bagels home from NY! These are chewy goodness. Try the toasted everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. Or the pumpernickel rye with a scallion schmear. Salt bagels sell out early!,5.0
Disappointed with this location. Claims to close at 10pm on Tuesdays but we were turned away at 9:45 pm. Not very professional to turn away a $75 check.,2.0
"I had my hair cut there few years ago and I really loved it....

HOWEVER, I booked a RMT last Saturday and oh my god it was the worst massage i have ever had.
I don't usually write reviews but I hope the owner/manager of the salon reads mine one day and I hope somehow they improve the service.I was so upset after my appointment that I didn't want to talk to anyone so I didn't say anything and left.

I have no idea what she did but i didn't feel relaxed even for a second it was not even painful i donno what she was doing the worst part was that she was wearing plastic gloves and ew the feel of that was the WORST and the head massage was soo disgusting instead of her massaging my head she scratch my head very hard with her fingers/nails!!! I had a very weird headache the whole day...

and she kept telling me how messed up my body is and that i should keep going for regular massages. She may be right but I will never and ever go back there.I had many many body massages before(OTHER PLACES) but this one was just not right.",1.0
"The best pizza in Toronto hands down!
Reminds me of eating pizza in Italy!
Also a great variety of white pizzas for those that aren't into tomato sauce.
Great place great service.",5.0
"A pretty standard, run of the mill Starbucks in my opinion.  I've had the opportunity to visit a few different times I've been up in the area on business.  I did have a bad experience with a very long wait in the drive through when it first opened a few months back, but my recent experiences have all been pleasant. 

They've figured out how to get the drive through line moving through at a pretty decent speed now matter how busy it is.  The drinks and food I've ordered have been up to par with Starbucks quality I'm used to.  Can't go wrong stopping by this location if you're in the area.",4.0
"I took my car here because it was overheating.  I paid $45 for a coolant pressure test to see where the problem was and left my car overnight so they could have time to work on it the following day.  They called the following morning to let me know that the top radiator hose had ruptured, and the bottom needed to be replaced, along with the thermostat (from the car overheating.)  They quoted me $595!!!!!!!! Both radiator hoses for my vehicle run LESS THAN $20 each and the thermostat is around $30.  I called about 5 other auto mechanics, one of which is a specialist in my car, and was told that their quote was absolutely absurd.  I was told by EVERY other mechanic that I called that the labor to replace both hoses and the thermostat is less than 2 hours.  Every other mechanic I talked to also quoted me at less than $300 (less than $250 at some) to do the exact same work.  I have no idea what they are thinking here but I would not take my car here.  The only nice thing I can say is that they were very nice upon my initial arrival and also gave me a ride home so i wouldn't have to sit and wait on my husband to get off work.  I don't know if they quoted me this price because I am a young blonde female or because they just over quote everybody by double what the cost should actually be.  On a side note, I am changing the radiator hose myself today for $15.00 (the cost of the hose) and all I need is a screwdriver.  I might look like a dumb blonde but I know how to replace a rubber hose for less than $600.",1.0
"Everybody online recommended this place for great kosher food in Vegas. Unfortunately i dont think people know what good food is. The decor is very modern and nice. The ambiance is very nice. The waiter was very nice. But the food was just ehh. We started off with the drunken avocado empanadas... these were so overhyped. They were bland in flavor. Like they were missing something. Our food took a while to come since there was only 1 waiter on duty and decent amount of customers. He gave a free sangria for the wait. The sangria tasted like shit. I know and love good sangria but this was horrible. For our entrees, im a pescetarian and i wanted to order the fish tacos, but i saw another yelpers pic/complaint of them and i am glad i didnt. I instead got grilled salmon over israeli salad. My bf got the angus beef shish. My salad was decent. There was a bed of chopped romaine lettuce on my plate which was weird and random. I mixed it in with the israeli salad. My fish was OK. Once i got to the thicker part of the salmon, it wasnt cooked all the way through. So it was like clear and watery which grossed me out. My bf liked the spanish rice that came with his meal. He got 2 shish skewers and 1 skewer was literally ALL pieces of fat. No meat on there at all. The waiter brought him another skewer to make up for it. The food was overall just OK to me. I wouldnt want to come back honestly.",2.0
I will no longer dining in or picking up take-out from here. The food quality and service is no longer consistent.,1.0
People here are not polite and the drivers suck. Very disappointed with my experience.,3.0
"Thievery & corruption at its finest!  It was my birthday and the band RED was playing. I purchased a bowling lane so that my party could have a place to chill and watch the band.  The price of a lane for this show was $327 plus the price of all the tickets, equaling a total cost of nearly $500.  So once the band started, the sound was so bad that nobody could hear the vocals and this continued for about 7 songs.  Keep in mind there were less than 100 people at this show, and we were the only people that purchased any sort of ""vip"" table.  So after a good 30-40 minutes my friend and I walked over to the sound booth and told the sound guy that the vocals couldn't be heard.  His response was ""get the fuck out of here"".  Not exactly the response I expected but ok, this is Las Vegas after all lol.  My friend and I continued to hang out on the floor watching the band and a few minutes later we walked back to our table and while on our way, got cut off by security.  If you can believe this... They kicked us out!!  They kicked us out for talking to the sound guy.  Just to make this very clear, neither of us were drunk.  We had a few drinks but were in no way belligerent.  The whole time they were kicking us out we were calm and respectful.  I tried speaking to the manager but he kept his back towards me and wouldn't acknowledge me.  Security wouldn't let us go back to our table to get our belongings, they wouldn't even escort me back to get our belongings.  Had I not had a few friends still at the table, Brooklyn Bowl would have kept our belongings and not given them back.  We also had money left on a pre-purchased bar tab that was stolen from us and not refunded.  Now heres the best part.... One of the security guards was actually on our side and told everyone that he thought it was weird that the vocals couldn't be heard.  He also said we were the only people who purchased a table and it was clear that he didn't like what was happening to us.  Now, I don't expect someone to do what I suggest when it comes to a bands production.  I'm not there to step on toes, I'm just there to have a good time wanting to here the vocalist.  As someone who has been in bands my whole life, there's nothing worse than playing a live show and finding out after you played that nobody could hear you.  So as you can expect, none of us will ever attend another event or anything at Brooklyn Bowl.  To be treated this way is absolutely insane!  If the venue or sound guy felt that we were out of line, then security and management should have talked to us like adults and asked us to go back to our table and enjoy the rest of the show.  Had I known that speaking to the sound guy was cause for ejection, than I would have stayed the heck away lol.",1.0
Good looking clientele and music..but terrible drinks. I am pretty sure the bottles are watered down because I couldn't taste an ounce of alcohol in my drinks. I even had the bartender pour in front of me.,3.0
"Really disappointed with my visit. Was very excited to try this place after recommendations and seeing posts on social media. However, definitely not worth the money!! 
I paid $15 for a large bowl (the size of my fist), which was not much bigger than the small bowl, and they wrote my order down but still messed it up completely. 

Firstly I wanted the tuna, but they ran out of tuna...so settled for the salmon. 
I asked for the main sauce to be ponzu and a little bit of spicy mayo but saw them prepping salmon that was smothered in mayo and I asked if that one was mine because I asked for ponzu as main. Looking down at the post-it, realized that they messed it up. They were about to offer to re-do it but they didn't even have enough salmon left for one more order. So I just said it was fine.  They continued to top my order (with the tiniest portions each...) and put it up when finished, but I noticed it's missing something. 
They completely forgot to put one topping altogether.  

Just a pretty terrible experience altogether. 

Overall portion size: really small
Toppings: very little 
Quality: okay
Staff: nice but don't really know what they're doing",2.0
"Elena's satisfies the cravings for filipino (ILOCANO) style cooking! The adobo fried rice and shrimp sarciado are my family's favorites...yummy! The atmosphere is clean and service is friendly. It is a place away from home that keeps us going back for more! If you are looking for the ""fat, oily, bland, coconut-drowned"" filipino foods of other filipino style of cooking then, don't review and expect to get that from here. Elena's serve only fresh, tasty REAL native style cooking! 
Service time is reasonable..if you want fast food...go to McDonalds!!!!",5.0
"We went to check this out couple of days ago. Do they have a new cook? New recipe? I don't know where all the 4 stars came from...I had their leeching special with tomatoes and onions. It was so salty and you see the granules of the MSG all over. Nothing special at all. My husband ordered the adobo omelet..again nothing special about it. The adobo was so bland just like their pancit. I think they forgot to put soy sauce. The shanghai lumpia was burnt!

And customer service is horrible...the young man that took our order seemed to be unhappy and I'm not surprised if their food is not good at all...

Sorry I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!",1.0
The cheeseburger and fries are always good here... and good for the price. We do come here early or later and not during rush hours because it could take times to get your food when they're busy.,4.0
"One thing I don't love about this place is that it draws so many that it can be hard to find a seat on more popular nights! 

The atmosphere is fun, comfortable and uptown casual. The lighting effects and decor finishes are trendy and well thought out. The outdoor patio area, even though right alongside the parking lot, is equally inviting. Being heated and partitioned off with heavy curtains makes it usable even during winter months. It does draw a lot of smokers which makes it nearly impossible to be enjoyed by non smokers. Even sitting close to the door that the servers use can be bothersome as the smoke is pulled in with every opening of the door. 

The martinis are poured table side and each come with a sidecar which make them quite generous for their price points of $8-$12. There is a large wine and beer selection also. The menu has several sharing appetizer options for snacking while socializing. I've tried several of them from dips to pizzas and they've been tasty. I choose to come here though more for the drinks and atmosphere. There's also a smaller, but adequate dinner menu. I have not tried any of these dishes to comment on the quality, but they sound worth a try. The pricing is pretty much spot on comparatively. 

Depending on the night, it can get sometimes rowdy and loud with a younger crowd. I prefer weeknights for this reason.  This is definitely a popular location for all types of social gatherings though. Great job Billy's!",3.0
"SHAME ON YOU DAVE AND BUSTERS, LAME EXPERIENCE FOR A GRAND OPENING!
I'm only giving it 1 star because you have to put a rating to review!!! 
This place is smaller compared to the other D&Bs around the valley. The waiter Alex did a half a** job and when my friend and I walked up to the bar to get our drinks right, we were turned away because we had two empty cups with us to show them we had been waiting for over 30 minutes! She was completely rude to us and rolled her eyes while we tried to explain why we had the empty cups in the 1st place and she walked away to attend to MEN instead of us ladies! Not classy at all. 
Don't waste your time or money here, it's worth the drive to go to the Tatum location! They have bowling in there and the staff is super friendly and accommodating. Can't wait until this place gets replaced with something worth visiting!",1.0
"We met Mark from Patterson Remodeling when we were picking out tile for our house at Floor & Decor.  We wanted to tile most of our house, new countertops in the kitchen and carpeting in the bedrooms.  Mark gave us a quote for our tile project which was very competitive with other bids we received.  We choose him because of his estimate to get the project done in a timely manner.  Mark was very professional and had his team at our home on time and the project was completed as promised.  We ran into some plumbing issues in the bathroom when the toilet was re-installed after the tile was laid and Mark arranged for a plumber to come and fix it.  We just had the countertops put in and they look great!  Mark even got us a discount on the quartz we picked out.  After the project was done we contacted Mark with a problem we were having with our hot water heater and he again put us in contact with a plumber.  He definitely went above and beyond by helping us even after the project was completed.  Mark was wonderful to work with and delivered on everything we wanted at a reasonable cost.  You hear so many negative things about other remodeling projects and contractors, but that was not our experience.  Mark is a great guy to work with and I would give Patterson Remodeling a big ""thumbs up"".",5.0
"This is a timeless local diamond recently recreated in downtown Phoenix. The decor is elegant. The service superb without being too much. We had the cannelloni, meat lasagne after stuffed mushrooms and shared spinach, arugula and quinoa. Garlic bread was heavenly. Huge portions!  We did share cannoli which was divine!  We will return and hope you will try this hidden gem!",5.0
This time around charbroiled chicken was a bit stale...,3.0
"Found this place while on a visit to the Apple Store to replace my deceased iPhone (boo!).  The restaurant has a contemporary and modern theme.  It was brightly lit and comfortable.  I really enjoyed the chicken fried rice, which had shredded chicken instead of chunks of chicken.  The Dan Dan Noodles came hot or cold, my choice was hot.  I asked it to be extra spicy and they hit the target right on.  Mmmm....delicious.  While I don't generally feel comfortable choosing from Dim Sum carts (I usually let my friends do the picking, and I do the eating), I was the one who chose from the cart.  Not a bad choice, which leads me to believe that I am either very lucky (doubtful, given my track record at the casino) or everything on the cart is good.  I kind of find it funny that they put the ""First"" Dim Sum carts at The Shops at Summerlin on their menu.  Uh...it's the only Dim Sum cart at the mall.  Not that it changes things, but they are also the tastiest Dim Sum carts at Summerlin.

The portions are decent, the food is good, the service is friendly and attentive without being obtrusive.  What more do you need?  I can tell you...a wheel barrow to take me out when I am in a food coma.",5.0
"Milagro! Good Mexican in NC! Say what you want about So. Cal's immigration probs, the accompanying food is friggin awesome! I missed (ie. was mad fienin') some real, good, filling, comforting, diet busting Mexican upon moving to NC. When I worked a few miles from Las Margarita, I musta passed this place in a run down (seemingly half vacant) strip mall on seedy Independence a million times. Muchos Gracias to my coworker at my next job for enlightening me. 

In the eight (nine???) years I've been here, this is the best Meh-he-can I've found. When you walk in for lunch and the place is fulla south of the border patrons, that's a great sign. When the eats are cheap, like the best places in L.A., that's an even better sign. Fajitas. Good. Street tacos. Freakin' good. Burritos, chimichangas, enchiladas... amen&pass the salsa, I'm home!!!! I have never been disappointed. I don't make the drive often enough (I live in the north boonies) but when I'm down there, it's Las Margarita for mi, mi hombre, mijo y bambino.",4.0
"Totally not a place I'd choose to go but with lots of tequila, this place is fun. I had friends in from out of town who were staying at the Flamingo so this was considered stumbling distance to their room. It's like being on Bourbon street. Stinking drunk.

Personally, I'd rather you just pour me a damn drink and enough with the flair bartending. But I did come across an Asian bartender who poured a good shot of Patron for me so I went back there a second night and stood right in front of him for most of the night.

Lots of eye candy. Top 40 music. Bring your sense of humor. It's what will get you by.",4.0
"Coffee. Awesome. Scone. Delicious. Service? Perfect. P

Every coffee shop should have a drive thru for us poor sleep-deprived mamas. It's different in that they don't have a menu posted and they come up to your car to take your order. I decided to try their ice brewed coffee and it is so smooth. No burnt, sour or acidic taste. I asked the barista to add some cream and agave for me, with no other direction and it was perfect - not overly sweet like most places. 

I also ordered a cranberry-pecan scone because baked goods and coffee are meant to be consumed together. Uhm. The scone is bigger than my hand. Not that I have big hands, but still. It is a little on the drier side, but delicious! And as an added bonus, since it's my first visit, they bought my scone for me! Whaaaaat. If that's not amazing customer service, I don't know what is! 

As an added bonus, they have punch cards. Loooove. Will def be back, sleeping baby in tow!",5.0
I eat pho at least 3 days a week. This place is up there with my favorites!!!!!!! Defiantly worth trying!!!! Enjoy,4.0
The food was really good but their beans and rice side for a plate is ridiculously priced. The service was horrible! Waited forever get a table because it said please wait to be seated then to be told go pick out what table you want. Took almost 15 mins to get chips. And our waitress was rude and didn't check on us once until it was time to pay. She didn't ask if we wanted refills or a box for the 3$ beans and rice we got.,4.0
"Bonsai's sushi isn't the best I've had. It's certainly not the worst though. This little corner of 7th street market seems to serve decent sushi at a decent price.

Some of the rolls are more imaginative than others such as some sort of roll with mango and shrimp tempura. The guy making my sushi was super nice and when he noticed that I wanted to go find join my friends at the table offered to send it to me once it's finished if I wanted to sit down!

Ultimately the problem lies in the rolls they have on offer. They're forgettable sadly enough. The quality is okay, the price is okay, the creativity is okay and so this place gets rated as an okay place.",3.0
"I used to go here ALL the time to get my arrangements. Not sure if they changed management or if the manager wasn't there during the times I was there.
Anyways, I was there today (MOTHERS DAY) and I asked how much the roses cost and some lady yells from behind the counter it was $6 per rose.... If you're the least bit interested in your reputation or making sales, look a bit more interested or polite. Then when I was ready to purchase the roses (with the roses in hand that I got out of the fridge myself) she AGAIN, standing there staring at me, till I said I'm ready to buy... She was enjoying her friggen massage by a coworker moaning, as I am waiting for her response. Luckily I understood, her colleague In her language was telling her that there was a customer in front of her... Then she blurted out rudely ""baby's breath?"" Not even ""would you like to add baby's breath for $2.00?"" Flat out rude. Still continued with her massage as others
Too were waiting to be helped. I get it Mother's Day is one of the busiest days... But still. Doesn't mean that you need to be rude to your customers paying or not. Let alone get a massage while a customer is talking to you.... Will NEVER EVER go back..",2.0
"Went to Pure this past Saturday, I had a really good time!  I was in a dancy mood but not in the mood to be a sardine so we kind of wandered all around the whole night with a mix of dancing and just mingling with people we met.

Our Group: 
4 girls.  My one friend was flying in around midnight but not a problem for me to go outside and grab her.

Getting In:  
We were staying at the hotel so I asked to be put on the guest list.  I have no idea if that made a difference.  Got there right before 11.  Asked the closest bouncer the deal with the guest list and he told me about the crazy VIP crowd area.   Luckily after we made our way over there another female employee got us out and we were on the girls only line.  Probably there for maybe like 2 minutes.  Total time less than 10 minutes.  No cover.  Being stamped I got my friend in quickly when she arrived (by that time there was no more girls only line).

Atmosphere:
Very cool that everyone else has described.  I totally agree that if it weren't so hyped up it would be beautiful but not as a big deal as some of the other clubs.  I really liked the fact there were multiple areas if you are in that kind of room.  LOVED the patio upstairs.  Red Room was cool, I think it was open in the beginning of the night (best place to get drinks fast) and then closed off.

Staff: 
Bouncers were friendlier to us than average.   Total play on looks though, some girl was in front of the first bouncer waving in his face.  I was right behind her, he totally ignores her pushes her aside and asks me how he can help me.  Bouncers inside introduced us to tables of guys in addition to meeting guys normally.  I will be forever grateful to the introduction of the cute Irish guys in the side room off of the Red Room because of the private bathroom.  That thing was clutch!

Drinks:
As expensive as other clubs

For the Single Ladies:
We met so many groups of guys, it was great to just rotate among them when we were in the mood to wander to a different room.   Some of the booths (in particular the ones on the deck) had older creepy guys but we cleared away.  Other than that, typical bachelor parties and other VIP groups.  Definitely expect to get groped on the dance floor in the main room (or at least a drink spilled on you)

Dancing:
Loved the different music in the different rooms.  Main room is crowded for sure.   Red Room and Main Room Top 40/Hip Hop, upstairs more house

VIP: 
 We were in VIP in all areas and they were all great.  I really liked the Red Room and that little room off to the side of the Red Room the most because we wanted to be more low key. Interesting that you get stamped for a certain area and then a different stamp for another (more enforced upstairs from my experience).  

Overall Experience/Crowd:
Everyone is right that the majority of real estate is VIP so I don't think we would have liked it as much if we didn't have access to it.    Also, someone commented about this but this at The Bank the following day had a different vibe than past nights in Vegas. It seemed more touristy, the people who were watching E! or something and had to be there to witness which celeb was going to be there.  Maybe that's just how clubs are changing now.  Either way I would highly suggest VIP and coming here to experience it!!!!",4.0
"I come here almost every weekend with my family.  The staff used to be friendlier and the service level has been in steady decline the last few months.  Is the coffee good?  Yes. Is the food good?  Yes.  But if you want to feel like a valued customer, consider going elsewhere.",3.0
"I have no idea if there food is any good, I walked all over the restaurant to find a table! All tables are first come first serve, there was 3 or 4 4-top tables with one guy sitting at them. All of the 6 or 8 tops only had 3 people sitting there. The waitresses wouldn't even speak to us. When I did speak to one waiter he looked at me and walked right past. I walked up to the bar to talk to a waitress and she was super rude. First come first serve on a busy night is bad business, wasting an entire 8 top table on three people, not to mention 3 or 4 tables. There would have been plenty of room to seat more people had there been any structure. I had 5 people with me that would have been buying drinks and food, there loss. We won't be visiting this establishment again!",1.0
"This was my first time trying southern BBQ. And it was AMAZING. I got burnt ends, Mac and cheese & hushpuppies. Everything was delightful. I also sampled everyone else's BBQ at my table and none of it was disappointing. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for great BBQ!",5.0
"Went to The Chicken Scoop today after hubs raved about it. He was right (as always ). I got the Southern & the Berry. Being a Southern Belle myself, I know a good chicken salad when I taste it - and hunny, this chicken salad will make your tongue flog your chin just to get another bite!! The Quinoa Black-Eyed Pea salad was tasty. I tried a bite of hubby's Thai - too spicy to suit my taste! But he likes it, so we were both happy. The tiny shots of 'Naner Puddin' were an unexpected - and delicious addition. Just like Sunday dinner in the South. Y'all come back now, ya'hear?!",5.0
"Appetizers-fritters are a better choice than the spinach broccoli dip. The dip was too rich for my taste. Had the corn and bean sliders-very flavorful. Service is excellent. I will keep coming back as the menu changes on the regular. The tables in the back by the stage don't really match the rest of the bar decor. I recommend that they stain them, but just a suggestion.",4.0
"I was recently fortunate enough to come across a bag of free records curbside, which included some great music such as jimi hendrix, Fleetwood Mac,  led zeppelin, b.b king, etc. I no longer have a record player, and I'm not a collector myself so I decided I wanted to sell them, but with no background knowledge for vinyls I was left clueless with what to price them at. I am new to Toronto, and turned to Google for record appraisals in the area- Kops records was the first to pop up in the search. I checked Yelp for other reviews and liked what I had to read, so I called and reached out to them for assistance. The friendly staff member I spoke to on the phone put me in contact with his colleague, Nick, who has an expertise in this sort of thing. 
Nick was kind and professional, and offered to have a look at the records at no cost. I dropped them off at the shop on a Monday and told him no rush, as there were about 35 records in the bunch and I did not want to take away from his time for business, but by Wednesday I had already heard back from him with his thoughts on their value. He offered to have me come back by the shop so that he could go over it with me in person, and was more than patient when I was swarmed with work and it, shamefully, took me two weeks to come back in. 
Nick was obviously very thorough, taking the time to examine each record and price it at what he thought was fair. I was pleasantly surprised and so appreciative of this and that he also took the time to clearly explain things to me, someone who is completely new to the subject. 
While he did express interest in a few of them, he stressed that I was in no way obligated to sell any to him, that I was free to take them and do as I wished. It is so rare to find good people like this in the world who will lend a helping hand without asking anything in return. 
I am truly blown away by the customer experience here at Kops Records, and I may not be a record enthusiast, but I would certainly reccomend them to anyone who is. Wonderful people! For all the time it took Nick to do this for me, I thought I could, at the very least, take 5 minutes out of my day to express my gratitude! 

My sincerest thank yous to Nick and the wonderful staff at Kops Records, 

Paige",5.0
I ordered a delicious ham & bacon quiche while my sis ordered the prosciutto cheese omelet.  Very tasty perfect portions.  The only thing I would liked to have seen on the menu would have been pancakes or French toast.  The breakfast items were limited.  We will definitely go back and try out the lunch menu.,5.0
"Overall it was ok...most of the pizzas were cold, i noticed that a couple of my slices of pizza tasted like they had sugar on them, almost like they either didn't wash the pan or there was a mix up of some sort, buffalo chicken pizza does not taste good with sugar on it. Overall it was ok for the price, I may give it another try, but I would have to be in the area, I wouldn't make a special trip.",3.0
"Super delicious. One if the best falafel pitas I've had. Fries were good too. The garlic sauce was awesome, it appeared to be homemade from while garlic cloves, not that nasty pink sauce other Greek restaurants call garlic sauce. 

The downside was that it smelled like sewage inside. We almost left but decided to try the food anyway. They need to fix that smell.",4.0
"Patio was nice but that was it...service was slow (the woman was very nice when we saw her). Service and food made me think of being in a hammock. Relax, swaety, bored and somewhat comfortable.",2.0
My go to breakfast joint. Nothing super special about the menu...just the classics. Always great service and the food is served promptly. I think I like that it's just the classics. I'm not in to fusion when it comes to my first meal of the day. Good mug of coffee and fresh squeezed OJ. Really...what more do you need?,4.0
It was ok I had better service was great but not the best breakfast I'm big about not going to big corporate places keep it family own or little business I just was not empress,2.0
"the whole reason im writing this review is because of Joe, who works at the front desk, my first nite i called around 130am needing a place to crash in a pinch & he said  to come on over, there was availability...  about 2am, i arrive & was greeted by Joe, it was ny first time staying at a days hotel and because of this & my super late arrival, Joe decided to upgrade me to a king room, bonus ! ...  he was professional & super informative & just an awesome person in general !  over the course of my stay i saw him several times & he was always friendly & would say hello ... the hotel was pretty great too, i didnt have any issues with cleanliness what so ever & i can be pretty picky & ocd at times, so not sure what the other reviews of dirty rooms are, or maybe i lucked out & got a good room .. it was also convenient to have a fridge & microwave in the room, saved me from eating out the whole time, if need be i would stay here again & if you do, ask for Joe, he will take super good care of you !",5.0
"We went to Barberian's Steakhouse last Friday night. Our friends had rack of lamb, tuna steak and 8 oz. fillet. I had a 12 oz fillet while my +1 has the barbercued spareribs.
From the time we entered the restaurant until the moment we left, the service was impeccable.  One could not ask for more attentive service.
If you want steak in Toronto, this is the place to go.",5.0
All of the salads are great nice and fresh!! Same with the pizza too! Thin crust wholesome and fresh! Extremely difficult to resists ! Mmmmn...,5.0
"They have a lot of cool stuff, but I was looking for glitter envelope inserts and pink envelopes. No glitter envelope inserts. Pink envelopes are there, but not in a baby pink shade.",3.0
"The best meal we had in 4 days in Pittsburgh ! Went on Friday night, had about a 25 minute wait but man was it worth it ! Appetizers were the Southwestern wings which were incredible and the trio of dips which we couldn't stop eating! Main courses were the Mad Mex burrito with shrimp and chicken enchiladas, Fantastic !!  Excellent service too ! Will definitely be going back when we come back.",5.0
"We did an online order for take out.
I loved that they had vegan options!  I enjoyed a very tasty tofu,spinach, mushroom scramble w/sweet potato hash. Delicious and full of flavor. My husband enjoyed a meaty scramble. We were even able to get all three of our kids a meal and not have them share; since their prices were very affordable. My girls enjoyed the whole grain dollar pancakes, French toast and scrambled eggs. The pancakes were a hit and the eggs. Over all a great food experience. My husband who picked up the meal even got a picture of the easter bunny at the location to show the kids.",4.0
"Really great breakfast! It wasn't to much or to little, it was just right! My husband and I had their scramblers: the morning with chorizo, green chile topped with pico de gallo and I don't remember mine but it had mushrooms and spinach. When we come back for a visit we'll be sure to come back. Yummy! Oh the service was on point! The crew was friendly and helpful but not in an overbearing way. Again coming back again. Thank you!",5.0
"Mimosas are good and a great price only $4. I loved my southwest burrito 9.50, very filling. It's 2 eggs, chorizo, avocado and jalapeno cream cheese in a flour tortilla and comes with side of hash browns. I added shine Chula green pepper sauce to add shine great to it. They have btw they have 6 Chula flavors and other hot sauce choices. Have fountain soda, fresh brewed coffee with multiple milk and cream choices and a plethora of sweetener options. My mom got the meat scramble 9.50, however she felt the scramble size was small. It's 2 eggs, bacon, sausage and ham. It does come with hash browns and toast for sides. I really enjoyed it and will return for brunch again. Bottomless coffee was good and priced per usual dining costs, I like that it's a to go cup so if you eat in you can get a refill to go when finished.",4.0
"Nobu at the HardRock Las Vegas is my favorite Nobu.
The service is not the same in LA. I had the chefs menu which included  chilled Tuna Tartare and caviar on top. Great food and service!",5.0
"a few of us did the tasting menu and other's ordered ala carte, so we had many dishes to taste from. sashimi was really fresh, place is lively, service was ok.  one of the dishes we ordered was waygu beef, the beef came out and it was so chewy that it was as if you're eating chewing gum and that was their waygu beef???  the seabass we ordered came out over cooked and it wasn't the fatty part of the seabass so it wasn't as smooth as if should of been.  everything else was just ok, nothing we would say ""wow, this is as good as eating sushi in japan...""",3.0
Great beer selection.  Good pub food.  Not too many health options but the few things I've tried have been good.,4.0
"Staying at the ""Death Ray"" (Vdara), and wanted someplace for lunch.  The City Center ""complex"" has turned (apparently) into a home away from home for us -- last time we were at the Mandarin Oriental, and ""Crystals"" is the adjoining shopping center/mall where Todd English's P.U.B. is located.  My wife and I checked out the menu prior to leaving Berkeley, and knew this would be a great spot for lunch . . . 

Todd English is like the under-the-radar Bobby Flay.  Aside from the Home Shopping Network (or is it QVC?), you really don't see him on television much, but between Olive's, Figs, and who knows what else, he's everywhere!  But this is his first and, to date, only PUB (or Public Urban Bar).  

Countless beers on tap -- I think over 60 -- including some cask conditioned ales (yes!), the food is close to perfect, and the portions are HUGE!  Lynn and I made the delicious mistake of ordering too much food, and thank heavens reinforcements arrived to help us finish!

We had something called ""Dirty Chips"" -- America's answer to nachos, this is sinfully good and truly dangerous!  Kettle chips tossed in bleu cheese, bits of amazingly delicious bacon, scallions, and served with fried chicken livers . . . just add beer and a football game and you're in heaven (albeit on a rapid descent to hell, if your doctor ever finds out!).  Seriously delicious, but don't order this unless you can share it with at least three other people!  (And if you try it on your own, make sure to have one of those defibrillators they have in airports at the ready!)

The iceberg wedge with bleu cheese and a bacon vinaigrette, avocado, tomato, and chopped egg is a classic, and served ice cold; the duck buns (three to an order) with shredded duck, hoisin and scallions were better than they had a right to be (delicious, though better at a true dim sum palace, to be honest).  And then, we moved onto the mains . . . 

Lynn had the pastrami sliders -- three excellent little sandwiches on rye parker house rolls, with kraut, swiss cheese and served with skinny fries . . . OK, I had one of the three.

I opted for the brown butter lobster rolls -- three rolls filled with freshly shucked lobster, warm brown butter aioli, served with slaw and kettle chips -- as if we hadn't had enough of those already!

All this paired beautifully with pints of Chimay white (in the proper glasses, BTW) -- a very filling, but very delicious lunch.  In fact, it's almost noon as I write this . . . maybe I'll have lunch there today, too.

Two more notes:

1) ""Good for kids,"" as always, will depend more upon the kids than the restaurant.  

2) As for the bathroom attendant . . . yeah, that has to stop.",4.0
"Stopped by again after picking veges at Gilcrease to pick up some fresh eggs and was fortunate enough to meet the owner, Sharon Linsenbardt. What a wonderful person, with so much heart! She spent time showing us around and introducing us to the animals, which by the way are all rescue. Her history is impressive, along with her knowledge about the flora and fauna of the area.  Donations are $1 per person, which is nominal considering how much work it takes. The farm continues to remain charming to me, and now even more so!",5.0
"I give Jackson's car wash 1 year before they're out of business. I've been at their Raintree location, they're Tatum location and today I was at there Highland location. There is a fat slob named Tiny that thinks he's all that, he walks around throwing his fat around he's the most f****** ignorant son of a bitch I've ever encountered. I have had nothing but s***** service from Jackson's car wash since they took over. I am really sorry to see Danny Hendon sell Danny's car wash. The service has gone down tremendously, as I have had nothing but s***** service at all three locations. I have tried to reach Jackson's car wash main office, but they will not take your call nor will they return your call. I can't wait for them bastards to go out of business!",1.0
"Paid $40 for a detailed car wash which was the worst in history.  Why add wax on top of bird shit?  Seriously, made more work for me to actually clean my car after taking it in.  I took pictures and will add soon.  AVOID this place.  Seriously bad service.",1.0
"We had a great experience at Pet Pros, we special ordered a Springer Spaniel and while it took quite a while to come in, the staff couldn't have been friendlier on the phone and in person.  This is our second puppy from here and would definitely come back again.  Thank you!",5.0
Robert was very professional and honest. He arrived as scheduled and even packed up my old ceiling fans.,5.0
"AMAZING Chicago style pizza! Really. Don't even have much else I can say. I LOVE pizza, and this is my favorite pizza.",5.0
"Great selection on grooming supplies! They have everything you need if you're getting started or if you just need some new supplies. 

They carry a great selection of food - many of the foods that only smaller pet stores carry like Orijen and Taste of the Wild. 

They have a lot of cool toys, you can find toys here you won't find other places. Even some toys you could give to horses to be honest. 

This place is also HUGE. They have great stock too since the warehouse is attached. 

My only complaint is that they close at 8pm during the week! I wish it was open longer",5.0
"Delicious! Great atmosphere, excellent service and beautiful flavours.  The churro ice cream sandwich will forever hold a special place in my heart.",5.0
"In a hurry in the Phoenix airport and saw Blue Burrito Grille. Ordered the Big Blue Burrito with pork. Unlike a previous reviewer, I got a LARGE burrito with plenty of fillings including some very tasty pork. The salsa was also very good. Their website says that the burritos come with chips and there was a huge bin of them on the counter but alas my burrito came sans chips... which I didn't notice until after I was on the airplane. A good place for a quick Mexican lunch but make sure you get the chips.",3.0
Long wait but well worth it!  Eggs Benedict was good.  Sausage gravy homemade and quite tasty!,4.0
"First meal on our own without the friends that we visited here in AZ we had to transgress from the In-N-Out, Denny's, McDonalds, Starbucks, waffle house, and macaroni grill of the previous weekend and finally try a non chain establishment. 

On the menu for us we wanted protein!!!!! An order of cornbeef hash, eggs and cottage cheese followed by a bacon waffle and  a bowl of fruit did the trick. This spot is in the ASU area and has a large following from locals as it was packed. Service was exceptional with my coffee mug never empty and our orders executed perfectly even though we kinda made that order out of a bunch of stuff on the menu. I would go back from breakfast if I lived in the area for sure.",4.0
"This location used to be an Extreme Fitness location, so is bigger than most typical crammed Goodlife gyms.

Positives
Very large and spacious gym facility.  Wide range of free weights and machines.  Endless cardio equipment.  Legs area upstairs is also very spacious with lots of equipment (3 squat racks!).  Even during peak hours it's generally possible to get a proper workout done.  Plus it has a pool.

Negatives
Main workout area is underground and doesn't get much natural light.  Feels a bit dungeouny.  The workout areas of the gym are really split into three separate areas, quite far from each other, so it's a bit annoying if you're doing full body workout days.  The pool is often taken up at lunch by some ""Aquafit"" class, which is really just an instructor telling people to float on water.  Also, since being taken over by Goodlife they're going on an aggressive membership recruitment drive and are targetting a lot of teenagers.  They haven't taken over the gym yet, but if it starts getting flooded with them, it might get pretty crowded.",4.0
"We had dinner here last night and we will be back many times over. First off, such great atmosphere. Very cool carved out floor seating, great bar area, lighting etc.  We had made a reservation for four but when we got there it mistakenly had  been made for the night before. The staff was very gracious, providing us with champagne while we waited for a table.  Once seated we enjoyed amazing service as well as amazing food. Kristen was our server.  You gotta love a server who is knowledgeable and helpful with the menu but also knows how to have fun with her guests. #teamkristen. Chef Roger even accommodated my husband with a custom gluten free entree, also amazing.  The menu here is original, funky and delicious. The staff is kind and well trained. What a great addition to the restaurant scene in Lville. Thanks for a great dining experience.  See you soon!",5.0
I only come to Albertson's to shop for dairy products like eggs and milk as they always have sales on those 2 items.  They stop taking your discount cards to save all the hassles and reduce speeds.  Great location right inside Desert Ridge Marketplace and the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.,3.0
"Great healthy alternative, hate when people yell ripoff because when restaurants price food it includes quality & convenience. My lettuce wrap with turkey, tomato & crisp lettuce was $5.49!! How cheap can you be people, if you want cheap grab something off the value menu at your yellow arches, lol!! My hubby got the Italian sub #9 @ $6.69, sounds reasonably priced to me & good too!! We will be back!!",5.0
"Hands down, the best pizza I've had in AZ. I've had the pizza, wings, a couple of their sandwiches and it's all great so far. The marinara sauce is way better than  what your going to get at any of the chain style pizza places. Coke products, if you care about that kind of thing.",5.0
This is a great spot to meet up with friends and have a cold drink...or two! Lots of choices for beer. I love the patio deck. Great add to the many choices in downtown Chandler.,4.0
"I love Super Swirl. It is great place for all ages, and the employees are always in a good mood which makes the yogurt taste even better. I go for the yogurt but I hear marvels about the boba. And, suggestions are always welcome which is cool. I've never been let down.",5.0
One of the nicest rooms I have stayed in. I used a free room with IHG points. I am currently IHG Platinum and the ladies at the front treated me as such. Sometimes you do not get that kind of treatment cashing in points so I was well pleased. Overall clean hotel. Plenty of restaurants and amenities to choose from. I highly recommend!,4.0
"I too purchased a Groupn,  thinking it would be a great way to get back into strength training.  I thought I would only attend a month, since it is 18 minutes from my home.  I loved my experience !  It is so much more than a great workout.  I am challenged to create a healthy lifestyle for myself and family.  I am increasing my knowledge on preparing a healthy diet for my family regularly.  I am beyond amazed with the support I receive from Curtis, Rachelle and other campers.  I am proud to say I am no longer a newbie at RSBC.   I have been attending RSBC for 3 months.",5.0
We thought this was a new restaurant and decided to check it out.  Turns out they have been here for  5 years just didn't have a street sign.  Food and service were great.  The Cajun shrimp app was to die for.  The Tuscan pasta and the fish tacos soooo worth another trip.,5.0
"Okay second time I have been here getting the car maintenance taken care of while on vacation at the in-laws. This place is great, wish they had a shop back in Phoenix. These guys are professional, honest and efficient. I would recommend them to anyone needing to service whatever they drive.",5.0
"Chick was nice and friendly (long dark hair, older gal from NY), but she didn't take much time on the haircut, maybe 10 minutes. Never saw a scissor or the back of my head, it felt like a drive-through hair cut. She did say that she is devoted to her job, but she not take enough time and have any concern for my head. The cut turned out OK, but this is not called Speedy Cuts at $15.",2.0
My husband and I celebrated our 18 year anniversary Saturday. The steak and shrimp was delicious and the swordfish was also very good. The food was on point but nothing wowed me. There are several high end steak restaurants in Scottsdale to choose from. The atmosphere was warm and low lighting made it a little more private and romantic. Our server was informative but had no personality. He was also a bit slow. I can name several other steakhouses in Scottsdale whose customer service is much better but I would give Preston's another chance.,5.0
"My hubby and I came out to run some errands and decided to stop by this restaurant for dinner. They give you a free Thai iced tea when you purchase an appetizer and an entree. We ordered the chicken spring rolls, basil pad Thai, and drunken noodles. The Thai iced tea was amazing! It tasted like a light dolce de leche drink with ice. The basil pad Thai was perfect. It wasn't spicy, but it wasn't too mild either. My husband had the drunken noodles which were spicy. It wasn't so spicy that we couldn't handle it, but just enough to maybe make you cough if you get the food down the wrong hole. 

My husband is a big time foodie and is currently passed out in a food coma. If he's passed out, then I think this place deserves five stars. Service was friendly, but adequate. 

Each dish is about $11 to $13 depending on the meat or veggie option you choose. The appetizers started at $5 and went up from there. All in all, it's a nice place to grab a bite of Thai cuisine. We will definitely visit again!",5.0
"It's the Denny of Cosmo, that stays open late. 

I was busy getting ready for the massive halloween night, was to lazy to yelp a good restaurant and make a decision on dinner. I passed this responsibility on to a non yelper friend who selected THE HENRY, because it was right next to entrance. 

What a FAIL., It was nice, located on a prime spot, great place for sports and people watching. 

Service was slow, food was bad for the price we paid and our waiter was RUDE. 

Ordered a $36 steak and it really did just come with JUST THE STEAK no sides.  Prime rib was dry and thick,.. best thing I had, was the bacon my friend didn't want on his burger and my french onion soup. My truffle tater tots were good too, but I don't think it's worth $7. 

I didn't like how the waiter would ask my friend, do you want soup or salad on the side? when it didn't even come with the entree.  The waiter  pretty much tried to upsell my friends, misleading them; that it came with our entree. Lucky I asked before they placed the order in. 

On top, it took us 45 mins to get our food and they already added gratuity to our bill. SMH.  What a waste of a yelp spot. 

WIll not come back and do not recommend this place. Especially if you were in a hurry; trying to meet the promoters on time to get in the clubs.",1.0
"I am a little partial to this place due to fond memories.  So my review my be biased.  There is an upstairs patio outside and a downstairs near the bar.  I prefer the upstairs and the view.  It is really nice to sit outside and have a drink on a summer, spring, or fall evening.  

The service is ok.  Some of the staff is a little rude at times.  

There is an area to play games inside which is cool.  It doesn't get too crowded and you don't have to wait too long for your turn to play. 

Drink specials on various nights.  Check them out!!",3.0
"The Olive Garden is bad. Not to jump on the hate train here without just cause, but I went in here a few months ago after being enticed by an almost too good to be true special. It had to do with all you can eat and pasta and I think it was like seven dollars. 

The moral of the story: You get what you pay for. 

The pasta was so bland that I can't even think of an adjective to describe how bland it was. (Did I just blow your mind?)

Service was friendly and as good as it could be but half-hearted, sorta like they knew the food was bad. Hmm. Go figure.",2.0
"I called this plumbing company on Sunday of the Family Day long weekend as I had a broken tub drain pipe. My regular plumber told me Tuesday and New Canadian Plumbing told me they would be there on Monday between 11am and noon. Well that did not happen, in fact I called them a few times during the day and they kept telling me different times but not once did they ever call me to say they would be late. Finally after 6 pm the plumber called me and told me he couldn't get parts and I should call them Tuesday.

Tuesday I don't think so on Tuesday morning I will be calling my regular plumber and will never try New Canadian Plumbing again

Don't lie about when you can come and at least keep your customers up to date I had lots of other things to do that day besides waiting for a plumber

What a JOKE this place is.",1.0
"This place is amazing! There is not one item that I did not like. 
We can here with the entire family. They set us up outside and constantly checked on us to make sure we were taken care of. Everyone was extremely nice and courteous. 
If you are in the area try this place out. You will not be disappointed.",5.0
"We eat here fairly often as the food is exceptional.  Love the lasagne, spaghetti and meatballs (amazing), eggplant cutlets and steamed clams for appetizers and of course, the pizza. So good!!!",5.0
"I have been here several times and was happy with the service up until now. I had a haircut appointment today, and not only I wasn't happy with the haircut, but also they used dirty tools and scissors from last client with hairs on them on my head. Extremely disappointed.",1.0
"For a system that is always being renovated and a staff that spends more time on strike than actually working... the TTC is just getting worse and worse. I am a heel -Toe express girl normally but last night I was heading to a friends housewarming / engagement party up in the landsdowne and davenport area from Spadina ave. I promised a few friends I would meet them at Lansdowne station at 930.. By 901pm I was in position to get on the streetcar and head up.... 

first streetcar - a detour from dundas ( 906pm ish)
second streetcar - a detour from dundas (912pm ish)
third streetcar - a detour from dundas (918pm ish)
fourth streetcar - Spadina - my transportation (924pm) 

Clearly there is something lacking in their schedules posted.. every 6-8 minutes... i don't think so. Obviously I was late and frustrated and cursing our transit system... yet again.

Shape up Toronto... we wish to be efficient here in this big city but unfortunately our transit system would like to discourage this.",2.0
"Easily made a reservation on line. Excellent ambience. Wait staf was courteous and helpful. Our waitress (Roxanne) recommended the crab dip as an appetizer. It was delicious. We had caesar salads and the steak and lobster tail. The salad was fresh and crisp. Our steaks were cooked to our specifications and the meai was very tasty. 
An excellent experience.",5.0
"After reading other reviews, it seems that this is a common problem in this particular store... no body would help me, period!  My husband and I went in together and went our separate ways (he went to the surround sound, I went to the cameras).  Apparently he had a similar experience, but I can only account for what I personally went through.  I knew exactly what I was looking for because I've been doing a lot of research online, and was ready to try it out in person.. really get some good info and see how it felt in my hands, how it worked, etc.  After basically loitering around the DSLR camera's for about 15 minutes waiting for some help (everyone around me was helping other people or just literally ignoring my attempts at contact) and going totally un-noticed, I decided to just figure it out on my own.  When I picked up the camera and attempted to use it, an alarm started going off so I put it back down and waiting for someone to come.  An employee did in fact come, but his only mission was to turn that alarm off!  When I tried to engage in some kind of conversation he literally just turned around and walked away.  Ooooookay, so that's the game we're going to play.  So I picked the camera back up and, yep, you guessed it, set the alarm off again, and patiently waited for someone to come back.  It just so happened that it was the same guy from last time, and although looking especially irritated at my tactics, I smiled at him and told him I was glad he came back because I would like some help.  His idea of ""helping"" me was standing there with his hands on his hips just watching me struggle, saying nothing.  So I finally asked him if he could help me out and give me some info and answer some questions, and his response was simply ""that's not how you do it!"" - in response to what I was doing concerning the camera.  Let me paint a picture for you- I'm standing there, holding an almost $1,000 camera, with the intent to purchase.  I dont know about you, but I can think of a couple better ways to handle that situation as an employee.  And regardless of how much it was or what my plans were, it's called customer service.. maybe best buy needs to do some retraining or coaching because I'm obviously not the only one who has had issues in this department.",1.0
"This is a really great restaurant that has to over come some unfortunate location issues.  If you are traveling down Mcclintock then it is hidden behind a vacant Mexican / fast food restaurant.  If you are traveling down Broadway it is hidden behind a very large BK.  I know I have driven by many a time and never seen this place.  The parking lot is very rough and needs to be paved in a bad way.

The restaurant is the complete opposite of it's surroundings.  It is very bright and contemporary inside.  A very pleasant dining room with very cool decor.  The staff is really nice and the menu is pretty varied.  My only complaint would be it needs a few more vegetarian options.  Next time I go in I'll ask if there are any recommendations.  I had the vegan tamales on my lunch visit and they were outstanding.  They come in three flavors, but the Jalapeno Hummus ones were the best.  I know hummus in a tamale sounds weird but they were very good.  They have a really good vegan artichoke  dip/sauce I wouldn't have believed it was vegan.

Next time you pass by give them a try.

Try:
- Vegan Tamales",4.0
"New to the Gilbert area this place has lots of dinner options.. bowls, salads, paninis, wraps with tons of different topping options. 

On today's visit I picked up chicken & steak bowls ., the steak bowl had tender meat with mushroom, bell pepper & green peas served over brown bowl with a spicy Szechuan sauce.. very good!!

You pick the base, protein, 4 fresh veggies and a sauce.. I haven't made my way through the entire menu yet but I will.

Friendly staff, lots of seating.. reasonably priced. Check it out you won't be disappointed",4.0
"I started taking my pug puppy here a couple of months ago, for vaccinations & routine exams. The techs are always wonderful & are very excited to see my puppy when we walk in the door. It's always easy to schedule an appointment and we usually don't have to wait very long once we're there. As everyone else has mentioned, the facilities are super clean and nice. 

We have seen 3 doctors so far, and Dr. Pittman is our absolute favorite. He has great bedside manner and you can tell he really has a love for animals. I also like that he takes the time to talk to the humans about issues, etc. and does a great job at explaining what he's doing & why. 

We saw Dr. Stewart once and she was ok. She was super gentle when giving our pup her first vaccinations and nail trimming, but she wasn't very talkative with us. 

Our least favorite doctor has been Dr. Adams. It felt like she was rushing the visit. Our puppy had an ear infection and she took our puppy out of the exam room (and away from us) for 30 minutes to examine her ears. By the time she brought our puppy back, she was freaked out and terrified, which made giving her vaccinations and trimming her nails a nightmare. I've never heard my puppy make such horrible noises! (We had a follow up visit with Dr. Pittman & he took the puppy out of the room for 5 minutes & returned her to wait with us while he examined her ear cultures. Doing this created a much calmer environment.) I will definitely never see Dr. Adams again.",4.0
"I am a spa regular in my hometown of Washington, DC, so I'm picky about the facility and therapists. Looking for a girls' weekend treat for my sister, I found Evolve on Yelp. The old house in which it's located is spacious and walcoming, in no small part to the staff. I worked with Becky and my sister worked with Helen, and we both had 90 minute Swedish massages. On par with the best I've had in DC and beyond. 

Helen and Becky were both technically great, as well as having a really good sense for 'reading' clients. Like silence during your session? No problem. Like talking during your session? No problem - they're both professional and very friendly. The manager, Robin, is delightful, and made the visit extra-special for us. She also took the time at the end of the day to share some of her favorite kale recipies with my sister. 

Highly, highly recommended.
Note: a vegan mani-pedi is offered.

EVOLVE MONTHLY CLUB PLAN: They offer a monthly 'club' plan where you pay $59/month auto-billed on your credit card, and in return you not only get your choice of a 60 minute massage OR facial OR mani-pedi, you get a standing 'club rate' of $59 for any ADDITIONAL services you buy during the month. That's amazing for 'frequent fliers' - and you get the traditional spa experience, instead of the more clinical ""physical therapy"" feeling that comes with massage chains. I've never seen a private spa that can compete with the chains with a club like this - please patronize this wonderful local business!",5.0
"Wow I was very disappointed :/ I love eating shabu Shabu and this is the first place I've had in Vegas ... 

As for this experience, we had a group of friend for a birthday dinner - party of about 10 it 11 ppl. I'm not sure if it was due to being the first big group there for dinner - but the service was the worst. Horrible on refilling both drinks and broth, clearing the table, and even bringing out our appetizers.  Then throughout the night the place was getting more and more packed ... Which made it even worse.  I didn't like there set up too.  They had a grocery store style fridge where all the meat/veggies are.  It was  difficult and time consuming to grab your food because there will be lines of people at every angle.  :/ then to add on to that we didn't even get all of our appetizer orders.  

Besides those things- their food was pretty fresh and individually wrapped in their self serve fridge.  They even had a sauce making section.  ( my favorite is to combine soy sauce ginger and cilantro ).

I'll admit I did have lots to eat but I didn't walk out the restaurant feeling like I would come back ....",3.0
"A very clean comfy room. Staff was very friendly. We actually left a free room DT to stay here for the bed. 
The pool was a nice relaxing experience. Natalia and Amberly were both really friendly. Amberly is very helpful and gives great suggestions. Don't question her, just follow her lead. ;-)
The tables were friendly as well. Never had a cranky dealer and the other players were usually nice. 
Restaurants were yummy. My favorite is the oyster bar. We also enjoyed the steak house $29 petite filet and lobster tail were a hit. Not sure why we got a B-day cake. But it was sure a nice treat.",4.0
"I went here despite all the bad reviews. The staff was nice, the vet was knowledgeable, they were respectful of my choices, they clarified that I didn't want his rash treated (it's being treated already) the bill was comparable to my regular vet. The wait wasn't any longer then I've waited at other offices. The paperwork and check out were really quick. Fine experience over all. We just got vaccines.",4.0
"You forgot to put in my food order, or you forgot to apologize for the mistake, either way I haven't forgotten to write you a negative review.

If I could give 2.5 stars I would because the person next to me got their sushi on a boat which looked really cool, and deserves .5 stars.",2.0
"Simple Review:

3.5 Star Pizza: Thin chewy crust w/ decent sauce and topping distribution. I choose Zio's Favorite with spinach, tomato, and feta cheese. 

3.5 Star Dinner Salad: Fresh greens and toppings, good balsamic dressing.  

4 Star Overall: This is my new go to late night pizza place. Food seems homemade and is made with care which gives it a small edge over Howie's and makes it a better option then Gus's when you don't need beer delivery.",4.0
"Upon arriving at the oasis Gold Coast i was notified that even though I had a pre-paid reservation they were completely booked. Not to worry, there was a room available at a sister hotel. This sister hotel smelled like smoke, paint was peeling, bed was gross, tv didn't work, carpet was stained, and of course was in some seedy apartment building. The parking was awful and just approaching the building had me nervous. I was in the room for less than 10 minutes and decided to cancel my trip and go elsewhere for the night.",1.0
"This is kinda my ""Go-To"" for authentic Indian food in the east valley. My wife and I were looking for an Indian place, found this one and loved it and have been back several times since.. Really no bells and whistles, just good Indian food at a good price.",5.0
"Sat at the bar for happy hour. The service was EXCELLENT, it was attentive and friendly. The atmosphere is upscale casual. 

We arrived during the happy hour menu which is 5-7, and sat at the bar. The complimentary fresh cooked BBQ chips were excellent! They offer 5 cocktails, 5 wines, 5 appetizers and a burger and blue moon at special pricing. Tonight we had the calamari, the burger with shoe string fries, 2 glasses of the 14 hands cab and 3 blue moons. The tab came to $43. 

The burger was cooked perfectly to order at medium. The fries were fries. I feel at this type of place, the burger needed an acidic topping to cut the fat on the pallet, like pickle. The ketchup, which was on the side, did the job, but it was a bottled variety. At happy hour pricing of $8, it was very good. The calamari had a pepper jelly type sauce with peppers. I highly prefer this style to the Italian red sauce. It was perfectly cooked as I'd expect at this level of a place. The 14 hands was priced ok at $8, which was happy hour pricing. Regular price at $9.50 is high. I guess you're paying for the feeling that you're spending a little more to eat out. 

Worth the stop during happy hour. Outside of that, not sure if the prices accurately represent the product. Enjoyed our visit!",3.0
"I visited Palette soon after it opened at 11AM on a Wednesday. I was seated and taken care of right away. Even though I was in a seat that was kind of hidden, my server checked on me every few minutes. I didn't have any of the service issues other people have noted on Yelp, but then, I was also one of the first customers of the day.

As for the food--oh my. I ordered the Mission Fig Salad. It was gorgeous. I should have taken a picture of it. The lettuce was green and purple with the full chicken breast neatly sliced to one side. Big crumbles of blue cheese, sliced fig, and candied pecans dappled the outer edge like Christmas presents beneath a tree. The balsamic vinaigrette complemented the sweetness of the figs and pecans in a wonderful way; sweet, but not too sweet. It's a big salad but it's not a heavy salad, not like a chop salad might be at another place. I didn't have any leftovers.

Also, it came with a toasted slice of bread. It was perfectly done--crunchy but not hard. It tasted very fresh with just the right amount of butter.

The cost ($13.50) was more than most salads at restaurants, but considering the local ingredients, I thought it was quite reasonable. I would absolutely eat at Palette again. I'd love to try some of their other salads.",4.0
"I could not be more thankful I chose Sandy to help us find our home. Sandy saved us so much time by listening to what we were looking for and taking us to 11 homes which had everything we were seeking. She is sooooo knowledgable about various parts of Las Vegas and that was very important to us. 

Best of all, SANDY MADE THE WHOLE EXPERIENCE FUN!! She is a complete professional and she is also a complete blast to spend the day with.",5.0
"Representatives blatantly lied to us about 2 different contract terms, and about the ability to transfer one of our numbers from another Verizon account. The last 2 days have been hell trying to cancel these contracts and return our devices. Within 14 days of activation you are within a trial period and can cancel and return the devices.

However, if you shopped with Z Wireless you must return the devices to the same store you got that from (which is an hour away for us, while we live 5 minutes from another.) and there must happen to be a manager ON SITE because they require the store managers ""override"" to cancel a contract. He wasn't in? Tough luck for us. They also want you to pay a ""restocking fee"" for each device. Make no mistake... these people are out for your money, and there is nothing but disadvantage to shopping with Z Wireless over Verizon corporate.

Oh and don't let them fool you with the insurance. They may use the same insurance as Verizon but it is NOT the same insurance. The process behind making a phone claim is much more difficult.",1.0
Great service and friendly staff. Vehicle was clean. I would have given this place 5 stars but the back seat passenger side seat belt didn't work. Keep up the great work. I would definitely use their services again.,4.0
"I was in the hunt for a new place to check out. Specially one near my hood. Since as you can imagine, as a foodie it is always great to have good restaurants nearby. 

Daio seems to be going the more authentic route than say, cheap sushi houses like New Generation and Sushi on Bloor, which shows in their decour and also in their menu. With dark wood accents and Japanese paintings, areas of the restaurant --specifically the booths, feel more intimate and far less cafeteria style than most sushi restaurants.   

Even their servers have a more Japanese sense of pomp and circumstance and deem to provide what most people would think a more Japanese experience. With zen-like music playing in the background, of course. ;-) 

Aside a better decour, I must admit I felt as if I was not getting a good food vs money value from my lunch. Their sushi dishes tend to be on the small side... for the price, and the presentation of such does not compare to the subjective flamboyancy you would get at say Guu, Wow sushi or Tokyo Kitchen which charge only a bit more for most of their dishes.  

Basically what I am saying is that it feels you are paying for the nice ambiance not for the food or vivacity like you do at the aforementioned Japanese strongholds. 

I can't say it is the best sushi I ever had, however, it offers an more 'authentic' experience than most. Daio definitely deserves a second look so I will be updating my review later when I go back to check more items on their menu.",3.0
"We left both our dog and cat here for 6 nights. There was a TV in the cat room going 24/7 (sorry, what cat likes to listen to people noise constantly?), the room temperature was hot - not even 72 degrees felt more like 80...

I told the staff my cat is a picky eater and I brought her own food and told them she likes her food fresh. I explained what fresh meant: resealing the ziplock seal on the bag of food, if she doesn't eat all of her food dump the food back in the bag and pour some more (heh sneaky sneaky), and lastly clean the food bowl at least every 2-3 days.
When I picked her up she was half the weight she was when we brought her in. She was very lethargic, unresponsive, shaky. One of the staff that walked me back to get her had told me she had not eaten for 5 days....!!!!!!!!!!!!?!???!?!?! I NEVER got a phone call, nothing. I was so angry. They wouldn't even discount her stay. They didn't follow my feeding instructions. I was and still am livid about the ordeal. This was back in July (2012), the week of the 4th. It took her a month to get back to normal plus a trip to our vet.

We've never had issues with boarding our dog here. But cats, forget it. Never again. I'd recommend All About Cats Veterinary Clinic.",1.0
"Stephanie is awesome. I started my puppy there at 3 mths, and she has to be the most scared puppy ever. We went through 2 puppy classes and my baby picked up on the basics really fast. She was also able to interact with other dogs there, and that helped her come out of shell a bit. I've now signed up with one on one classes to help with specific behavior changes, and just 2 weeks in, we're already seeing changes in my puppy. Stephanie has a very soothing and relaxed personality, and makes the environment very comfortable for both parent and puppy. Even though there's another petsmart closer to me, I decided it was worth driving a bit to see Stephanie (at the Stephanie PetSmart lol ;-)) . Def recommend!",5.0
"Finally got a chance to try this out today, and I left pretty impressed. Got the double sauteed pork lunch special with chicken wings and lo mein. Even with a $1.50 upcharge for the lo mein, it still only came to $8.39, AND that included a drink.

I seemed to get there at the very beginning of the lunch crowd, as it was empty when I arrived, but by the time I left, it was nearly full. Food came out really fast, and I wasn't surprised, because when I walked in, I could see back into the kitchen, and it was very well-staffed.

The chicken wings and the pork were great, but my favorite part was the lo mein. It's kinda how I judge Chinese places, as a lot of them have greasy lo mein, or lo mein that is just flavorless. But not here. They were perfectly cooked, and super garlic-y (which is a major plus for my tastes).

I can see why so many people are fond of Best Wok, and it's on the top tier of Chinese places in Charlotte for me.",4.0
"I've been coming here since they opened. This is a great alternative to your typical taco joint. The food is fresh and includes Asian flavors along with Mexican. The place is pretty typical of all the other restaurants in the mall. Service is great, I've never had to wait that long to put my order in. My one complaint is they have no trays to put your food on. If I want to eat there I have to juggle everything like getting silverware, napkins and my drink. I know one of these days my lunch will end up in the floor or another customer. If they fix that I will change it to a 5!",4.0
I love this mall. I took a $18 cab ride on Superbowl Sunday from my hotel on the strip to this mall. I really loved the Burberry  store. Wow! Huge! The Tory Burch had a nice shoe selection. I was shocked to see a Stuart Weitzman store. The selection was okay. The Michael Kors wasn't bad. The Nike store had a great selection of womens running shoes. I just wish I had gone here first instead of The Palazzo or Forum. Def a must see if you like to shop and really nice to walk around since the weather was nice. This mall is outside so go on a nice day.,4.0
"From one of the Sun City properties, I have used this service 4 times to/from the airport. I have only experienced prompt, professional, and courteous service.  Drivers: charming and helpful making sure passengers were taken care of.  From handling of bags to making sure the client made flights on time, what more could you ask for?",5.0
"Quite underwhelmed with my sandwich (first visit). Chicken salad was OK, nothing special. The roll however was hard, hard, hard. Almost inedibly hard. I will definitely give them another chance, as I am happy to have more independent places within our city limits.",2.0
"My wife and I had a very enjoyable dinner at Vintner Grill.  The cheese and meat tastings were...tasty, the salads well prepared, and the entrees delicious. Coffee was made in a French press which gave you about 2.5 cups to sip on.  Our helpful server was very busy when we were ready for the check, but we didn't mind waiting and sipping the last of the coffee. VG is a very comfortable place.  I'd recommend it to anyone.",5.0
"Okay so I'm officially in LOVE!!
it was my first time here, and I actually crossed this little place by accident and boy am I glad I did!
When you walk in, it's a little shop kinda thing.
The style of the little shop/tea shop reminds me almost of like french style.
My friend and I were greeted by a gentlemen and a lady who were so sweet.
We walked up to the counter and they have an awesome selection of teas with a description.
The woman also let us smell the tea.
You can have it iced or hot, any of them.
I ordered the coconut almond iced tea and my friend ordered the pumpkin iced tea. 
I of course, being me, had to have a cookie. I ordered the chocolate oatmeal and walnut cookie. 
Wow! So AMAZING! 
The tea is brewed to order so it takes about 6-7 mins to get.
The cookie... OMG heaven! Seriously. So moist and gooey inside ahhh. 
I can't even imagine what they taste like as soon as they come out of the oven.. 
No but seriously, my cookie addiction is bad.. Or good... Depending on what kind of person you are.
But anyways! 
The tea was perfection! 
It is made by a local woman, and it's delicious.
We will most definitely be back!
Such a little gem in Glendale !!
Check it out if you have a few minutes to spare and are craving good tea or cookies! :)",5.0
"Havent had a chance to go yet this season, but loved it here in the past. I prefer this market over the overpriced one downtown, and the overcrowded one on yorkmont. The veggies are a bit on the small side at times, but thats because they arent stuffed full of chemicals and hormones. I love and highly recommend the homemade sausage! Not a ton of fillers/preservatives and i dont find it salty like the store bought brands.  And just a side note, they had a sign out last year about horseback lessons, been meaning to check on that.",4.0
I love this place so much. It is suited for large groups and I love that. I really like coming to this place with my friends. It is so good!,5.0
"A nice AYCE Korean bbq spot with good quality meats and nice selection!  Salad was tasty but the sides were basically same as similar restaurants and would have been nice to have a little more variety.  I went late night around 1 am and it was still busy but maybe due to the Fourth of July and rest of shopping center restaurants were closed.  I would recommend the brisket, beef tongue, pork belly, short ribs, steak and bulgogi.  Very reasonable pricing but didn't like the AYCE pricing difference with beef tongue and short ribs.  Should probably just keep the higher price as standard since most people get the short ribs anyways, lol.  Service was decent as only one server was on duty to take orders and cook meats as well.  I would go back again and recommend Hwaro for your AYCE Korean bbq cravings!",4.0
"They attached tips on your bill but won't let u know. When you pay money, if you don't pay attention to, you will pay tips twice.

That is so disgusting. I can accept you charge tips mandatory, but I can't stand you won't tell your customer you have charged tips before. Shame on u and I will never visit again. 

You are not a honest businessman.",1.0
"A roti is essentially a hardy flour pancake wrapped around a curry dish which can include chicken, chickpeas (on the menu as channa), goat, etc.

It's not exactly a healthy lunch but it is definitely filling and delicious! By filling I mean heavy, these things weigh, no joke, like 2 lbs! I've never managed to finish one in a single sitting.

After standing in line in the main room where you order, pay and wait for your meal to be presented you can head into the dining room to eat your roti (which is actually really nice), or take the food away with you in a brown paper bag.

They have other options on the menu too like jerk chicken, but why would you go to a roti hut and not order a roti?

The roti themselves are pretty mild, but the hot sauce they offer (you have to ask for this) makes my forehead just drip sweat! 

Attractive, I know.

The staff have always been friendly and efficient. A great quick lunch option (though maybe not if you have client meetings after...my twice washed hands still smell like curry).",4.0
"I was planning on grabbing a bite to eat after work with a friend, and thanks to some deals we read about, we came up with the idea of visiting Fuego Tacos.  We were able to get there before Happy Hour ended (which, by the way, is from 2-6 PM Mondays through Saturdays).  The restaurant was laid out very nicely with two stories of seating.  Surprisingly, there were very few people in the restaurant at the time.  The service was great; the waitress checked on us every few minutes.  

Happy Hour deals included drink specials and $6 dishes.  We ended up grabbing drinks and ordering an appetizer (guacamole, queso, and salsa) and then I got chicken tacos while my friend got a taco salad.  Both dishes were good.  In fact, I think we overdid it and ate too much though!  There were buy one, get one free coupons in the Entertainment Book and Groupon deals (buy a $10 gift certificate for $3).  One strange thing...apparently, the website (fuegotaco.com) is no longer active.",4.0
"How is it that every time I go to this cvs they give me a hard time with my prescription. How are you ""out of stock"" of the prescription that I clearly need from a LEGIT DOCTOR? These people in the pharmacy disgust me. Who knows how many people fall ill or can get better because they can not get their prescription from these sick people.  Ridiculous ! If I could leave negative stars I would",1.0
Love this little pizza restaurant! Always great food... the pizza is fabulous and the kitchen always comes out to make sure the crispness is just right before they slice it... delicious garlic knots. No complaints! Been here several times.. super fast lunches and great desserts.,5.0
"Very disgusted with this place.. to start out we were told the wait was only 25 minutes but they wouldn't seat us until our entire party arrived.. no problem but then we ended up waiting over 45 minutes for a table... still not a problem until we finally got our food and I found a long black hair in my corn which I proceeded to send back .. ok still not a problem ... then my granddaughter found ANOTHER long black hair in her rack of ribs..... ok no problem she for some unknown reason said she would just eat it anyway.... then the humdinger!!!! A f'ing cockroach crawled across the table and under my daughter in laws plate .. my son began chasing it to kill it.. he smashes it on the wall. My daughter alerts a waiter standing nearby and his response was "" hmmm, that's weird"" and walked away...a few minutes later the manager comes up and says "" what's going on here"" when we explained what happened they said they would move our food to sit us in another section.!!! REALLY???.. at this point we were not about to take one more bite of that food !! The manager says she will ""take care of the bill"" and walked off. Not another word, no apology...you're dam right you're gonna take care of the bill. How DISGUSTING!! I got the feeling they thought we made it up.. I will Never EVER return to this location!!!!",1.0
"Been wanting to try this place forever, but its a little drive for us. We finally made it on a quiet Friday night (4th of July weekend). Well worth the drive. Our service was great! Started with the  shrimp summer rolls. Very good and fresh. 

I opted for the #28. Way too much food for me, but delicious! Great option for summer because although its a ton of food it has a light taste. Vermicelli noodle bowl with lettuce, cilantro, cucumbers, topped with chicken, pork, beef and shrimp as well as an egg roll. Fish sauce on the side. HUGE bowl of food for $13. 

Boyfriend got chicken pad thai, and it was really good!

Will definitely go back!",4.0
"Ever since I've discovered this theater I never go anywhere else.  Unless I'm out of the area.  This theater is a 20 minute drive from my house but we'll worth it.  I love the size and comfort of the seats. If you need to go to the bathroom no one has to get up to let you out of the row.  You pick your seats whether you buy on line or in person. I have an elite card which waives your on line convenience fee and gives you free size upgrades on popcorn and drinks.  There is also a,reward program and I frequently earn $5 coupons.  They have a bar that's opens after 4 pm . It's a bit overpriced but that's too be expected.  The reason for 4 stars is there's never enough parking!  But it's worth it",4.0
"I love this place. I have been here several times and have always enjoyed my meal. I like that although it's billed as a seafood place, their other offers are also top notch! I have had great luck with their service too. The owners are generally there and really care that you have a good experience. I like that they have different events throughout the year and have seasonal drink menus. It's just so nice to have something of this quality in the SE Valley! Oh! I also like that you can go here in a T-shirt or a coat and tie -it's a comfortable place for all! Two tips - try their wings. They are not the typical wing in taste or appearance - but awesome! Second - make a reservation!",5.0
"I'm not sure if this place deserves 1 or 2(because i feel bad for this place-it sucks!)stars. I got 6 whites and 1 full egg scrambled all together! I got raped, seriously when I got my bill. $25! For 7 freaking egg white! Actually, I asked for 6 egg whites and 1 full egg(which means-HELLO! I WANT THE GOSH DAMN YOLK!) To that of which I did not Get! At least give me a fake drink umbrella or throw on some dried out cilantro to make them look festive. 
Ugh, I wanna write bad things about this restaurant but its not worth it. Probably because I feel so dumb paying for it and not asking why the charge is so high! 

And to make matters even worse! I gave them a $2 tip! Is that stupid or stupider?

Gordon Ramsey, this pathetic restaurant needs you!",1.0
Super friendly service but the chicken shawarma was bland . Needs more flavour with authentic baked bread instead of store bought. Will probably not visit again .,1.0
First time at this salon! Very clean and very professional. They greet you immediately and are very friendly. I will definitely be coming back regularly! I would recommend anyone here!,5.0
"If you think you're going to get Mexican food, go somewhere else now. I'm from Nor Cal so I think I've been spoiled with Mexican food. We went in here because we were REALLY hungry, there was a line so we thought it was good food. Ordered the chimichanga burrito and the regular chicken burrito. It took a while to get our orders since it was busy dinner time. I was standing at the counter and did realize that they put EVERYTHING in the microwave. We took it to go and when we go to our rooms we realized we hadn't gotten any chips or salsa, and biting into the burritos there was absolutely no flavor in the food. It was like they just through stuff together and hoped for a miracle. Do yourself a favor and keep looking for food...Gordon Ramsey would go crazy if he came in here...",1.0
"The one star is for the decor, it really is a pity star.

We just left from a dinner service and we less than impressed. No hot water in the bathroom! Cold air in the air dryer! Insane.

Had fish and chips which we thought would be safe but it wasn't, shit fries. The creme brle was terrible as well, tasted and had the consistency of a snack pack pudding.

Place needs to do some work and management needs to take a hard look at themselves to save this dive. Bet is closed next October.",1.0
"I really have no complaints about this really cute, big, family diner (yes, a real DINER in Cleveland!) in the West Park neighborhood. Service, as mentioned in other reviews, is lightning fast. Like, I didn't know you could cook an omelette that quickly! Let alone make it taste delicious. 

The corned beef hash is made in-house and is really great; it actually tastes like corned beef as opposed to overly salty potatoes. A real treat.

The waitresses were really nice and charming. It seems like this place has its fair share of ""regulars"" but the people who work here offer up a smile and friendly conversation to just about anybody who walks through the door.

The staff was also amazing at service and at never being idle. If they weren't waiting on tables, they were slicing bread, pouring dressing into individual cups for salads, and other little tasks that makes the rest of the day go smoother because they can just reach into the fridge and pull stuff out. Smart.

We could have been out in 20 minutes if we had been in a hurry, but we weren't. Despite the quick turnover of tables, we never felt rushed, and we were able to enjoy a leisurely meal.

The place is a little raggedy, but it's obvious that nobody should really care about the way it looks so long as the food is good, cheap, and quick, and the service is great. And George's has all those qualities. Highly recommend for anyone who cares more about food and consistency than about what's popular and overpriced in the nearby areas.",5.0
"Oh my... I hate having to give a bad review, but the food here was not good at all. I give the 2 stars for the service, as our server was very attentive. 

The atmosphere is fun, the location is great, but the food is just overpriced yuck. My husband said it was probably the worst meal he's had in Vegas. He had a pulled pork sandwich with his side dishes put in ramekins, more size suited for condiments. I'd ordered chicken wings and a side of fries. My chicken wings tasted like extra salty hotdogs. Not sure how that happened? Our kids had mac&cheese, and a kids cheeseburger. The cheeseburger looked fine, but my daughter wouldn't eat it because of the char grill. She's like Hank from 'King Of The Hill'  - wants to ""taste the meat, not the heat.""   

I can say with sincerity that I will not be back. Looks like a cool enough bar though. Stop for a drink, but pass on the food. There are so many better choices out there!",2.0
Love dr clinch he is very caring and personable! He is going out of his way to help me with my delivery! My insurance changed and he is still working with me although my insurance is not!! I could not be happier with him,5.0
"Well, I had occasion to eat there with my son and Mom on a Sunday a few weeks ago.  It is a smaller space, around 10-12 tables.  It was full with a steady stream of carry-out orders as well.  The young lady who was our server was Sweet and helpful!  Said it was her 2nd job on the weekends that she just did for FUN! Serving people for fun! Great!  We tipped her $8 on a $28 ticket!  One of the Owners kept walking around doing random checks on everyone.  I WAS THRILLED with the Sweet Potato Pancakes!  Very delicious and filling! The wings were Jumbo and I had them for lunch the next day. They also have a Sweet Potato Large Waffle which I plan to try next time I visit. My son actually had the ""Broadway Burger Meal.  I believe my mom had something like the ""Ms. Rubye's or Jessie Breakfast Meal. Everyone was happy with their selection. Football was on the mounted tv for the Football Fans! Parking is a challenge on some days as space is limited. Hopefully, with MORE PATRONAGE they will obtain a larger space to feed more people well!",4.0
"You know that person (I won't say girl, just to avoid sounding sexist)  who walks into a hardware store with that look on their face that just about screams: ""I don't know what the hell I'm doing""?

Yeah, that was me. The staff here were extremely helpful, they knew exactly what I needed and where to find it. The gentleman helping me even opened the box and made sure it was the exact size item I needed.

The whole trip took about five minutes. Easy. 

Would definitely come back.",5.0
"We were seated quickly and our waitress was super nice.   My expectations for airport food was not very high and was not great as expected. My husband and I both ordered the breakfast with eggs, potatoes, pancakes and bacon.   Eggs were good and potatoes were good.  The bacon was okay and I did not like the pancakes very much.    It was quick though and there are limited options here.",3.0
Took a trip to Glendale Arizona for a Cardinals game so my brother and I had a free Saturday. We decided to go bet on the ponies at Turf Paradise. We both had a real good time eating their food from their club house and making some money from a few bets we hit. Their chili dogs are awesome and huge. The track itself has seen better days as it needs a facelift as everything looks from another era. But in a strange way this  added to the uniqueness of the experience.  There was alot of people as it was a Saturday so atmosphere was electric.  Definitely look forward to going again soon for their Kentucky Derby party May 2nd. I heard it is really fun and definitely the place to be on the first Saturday in May. See you again soon Turf Paradise.,5.0
"This is one of the restaurants located in the beautiful and spacious MGM hotel.  While the restaurants in the MGM hotel are ""open"" because you can see the gaggle of crowds walking by, this place still gives a nice intimate feel.  I came here with about 5-6 coworkers and we were able to have nice dinner conversation. 

What I ordered: 
-Seafood gumbo:  This had a nice kick to it and had a good amount of seafood and veggies to it.  I really liked it and wanted another plate, but decided not to.  

-Seafood pan roast - a good amount of seafood and sausage. It wasn't the largest portion and I thought it could have been bigger, but everything went well together. From the fish to the mussels to the sausage, it was an explosion of flavours.

Overall, if you have the budget, this is a great place to try in Vegas.",5.0
"Nice, hot and great cust svc skills!
Thx for taking care of us during our travels. 
Really appreciate it,  thx Jesse and team",5.0
"A friend of mine invited us to dinner here.  It's been a while since we've been to Macaroni Grill.  We use to eat at a Macaroni Grill for lunch all the time, but in recent years have ignored it.

I have a favorite dish....the Pasta Milano (Roasted Chicken, Sun-Dried Tomatoes, Mushrooms, Farfalle Pasta in a roasted Garlic Cream Sauce, $11.99).....but I got it without Chicken since I'm on a no Meat diet.

The Better Half ordered the Crusted Sole (Filet of Sole topped w/Lemon Butter & served w/Sun-Dried Tomato, Spinach Orzo, $14.99).

I didn't like my Pasta Milano.....the Cream Sauce was very watery and didn't have much flavor....bland, which has never happened to me when I've ordered it.

The Better Half enjoyed her Sole, but didn't think it was anything beyond average.

My friend ordered the King Salmon ($17.99) and enjoyed it.

If I was rating this dinner on my experience alone, it would have been 2 Stars....but since the other two dining with me enjoyed their meal, I'm bumping it up to 3.  The service was so/so.....young wait staff here with plenty to learn about service....I didn't ding them because of their inexperience.  They were pleasant and sincere....which goes a long way with me.

Return Factor - 30%",3.0
"We just visited Mark Mitsubishi Glendale last night and purchased a new 2015 Mitsubishi Mirage. Overall, we definitely had a great experience. Our last Mitsubishi was purchased used from the Scottsdale location, and I must say that the Glendale location is much better. While we didn't have any serious issues in Scottsdale, the experience just was not as pleasant as it was over here in Glendale. 

Over in Scottsdale, it took at least twice as long for the entire process. However, Glendale stated that their policy is to get customers in and out within 3 hours. They had this almost exactly -- after test driving, negotiating, paperwork, and making sure we were satisfied with everything after, it took about 3 hours and 10 minutes. Fantastic! Since we had just spent over 8 hours at a dealership last week, we were extremely thankful for how fast Mark Mitsubishi was.

Our sales rep was Stacey Hertig, and she's awesome. If you are ever interested in purchasing a Mitsubishi, she's your woman. She was very laid back, easy going, friendly, and had great customer service. She also made sure that we got what we wanted at all points in the process. She said, ""Tell me what you want and I'll go up to bat for you."" She definitely delivered on this. She also made sure we were happy even with the tiniest of details, such as if we wanted Mark Mitsubishi key chains at the end--we didn't, and she said that was fine! :) I know that's not a big deal for most people, but it was for us! haha.

Stacey also worked well with Nick Redondo in financing. Of course, this IS a car dealership, and they want to make money, so there were some standard sales tactics used. However, they weren't pushy or anything and took our feedback well. We had a few pleasant exchanges, discussions, and negotiations. At one point, we were afraid we were going to have to leave and sell our trade-in private party and come back later, but Nick came back with a great offer for the trade-in value. We didn't expect that much for the trade-in at all, and it actually came out to about the same as if we had sold it private party (after tax breaks). It was definitely a pleasant surprise, and Nick definitely saved the sale at that point.

If we ever need a new Mitsubishi, I know we will head back to this place for sure. Thanks again, Mark Mitsubishi Glendale! :)",5.0
"Don't waste your time. I tried to schedule an appointment and the receptionist was so rude on the phone, like I was wasting her time! She huffed on the phone as if she was too busy to schedule me an appointment. Then she stated that they only do an exam and xray on the first visit and you have to come back for cleaning. That is double billing! Every single dentistry does the exam, xray, and cleaning on the first visit! Waste of time calling my insurance having them fax over my eligibility to them as requested by the first person I spoke with. So glad I didn't step through the door!",1.0
"This ride was fun, we were the only ones on it so we got to sit in the front. I don't think it would have been as scary if we hadn't sat in the front. Definitely catches you off guard and gives you a little thrill.",4.0
"Great food at a reasonable price, and their mint line-ade... Is amazing. I'll go for the the drinks only!",5.0
"This place is amazing!! Our servers name was Jessica, a long brown haired girl. She suggested the filet, mentioning it was her favorite choice of meat here. We tried it upon her request and it was absolutely to die for; cooked to absolute perfection and even charred to give that true flame grilled taste. We will be returning here to try other dishes next time. I am now in love with this place.",5.0
"Fantastic steaks , just a great place to dine",5.0
"Bees, Winnie the Pooh, and humans alike flock to Fat Straw for honeylicious boba tea! Their honey combed themed decor is attractive, but I keep coming back for their excellent quality boba and flavored drinks. I have never been disappointed. And I would know, because I'm a boba connoisseur.",5.0
The idea of this food truck was so much better than the actual food. Three veggie tacos soaked completely through with a sauce leaving a quarter inch on the bottom of the boat. So disappointed and mildly irritated that I didn't just go down the street to Cabo.,1.0
Have only been here twice but both times were date nights with the husband and both times we enjoyed the food and atmosphere a lot. People watching here is fun too ;) I had gone to the other locations before and wasn't sure what to expect with it being at Kierland but it has the same delicious food and good ambience and overall is just as great as the others. Love the John Lennon quote over the bar too!,5.0
Job was promised completion in one day.  Took over a week.  Constant no shows and excuses.  Salesman promised it would be done to my satisfaction.  NOT.  Poor communication between salesman and installers.  Owner was very combative when I voiced my frustrations.  He did meet with me after pleading in my part.  I wanted to make changes.  He talked me out of it.  Additional repairs are needed.  The owner has now threatened to send my account to collections.,1.0
"We dined here on a Sunday and everyone's meals and the service was perfection!  One gentleman that dined with us has traveled all throughout the U.S. and has dined at many ""authentic"" Italian restaurants and he shared with our waiter that this one of the best pasta dishes he had ever had.  It is freshly made pasta people, very different from boxed pasta!   If you want a REAL pasta experience, come here.  It is delicious and our service was exceptional!",5.0
"I've shopped here a few times and always have a great experience!  I've bought some stones, sage spray and candles. Prices are reasonable and the staff are always helpful.",5.0
"I have been here twice, once when it was very busy (Wednesday at 6:00 PM) and I got their last available table and again (Thursday at 5:00 PM) when we were the only ones in the restaurant other than the staff.  The first visit I dined alone and due to the crowd it took 5 minutes to get my menu and another 15 minutes to place my order and then 15 minutes to get my food.  I thought this was reasonable due to the fact that there was only one server but I also believed they were understaffed. While waiting I decided the decor appeared worn but clean and the TV was a bit of an annoyance.  I would have preferred traditional Korean background music and the pictures on the wall of the food and their descriptions may be of interest to others but not my cup of tea, to use an overburdened metaphor.  Speaking of tea I ordered a pot of tea and received a piping hot green tea that tasted like swamp-water.  For me this is a good thing.  I ordered the Duk Boki for my appetizer and it was a nice portion with finger size solid noodles in a bed of spicy chili sauce with what I believe were mustard greens.  It was very satisfying and had a nice sweat inducing burn.  My entre was their Bul Goki and it was the best I ever had with a light sweet soy on the front and a smoky finish.  The beef was tender, moist and high quality served over grilled onions and a side bowl of rice.  It also came with seven side bowls of Kimchi many I never had before and all of them were delicious.  I returned the following night with my son and we were seated immediately and given our menus with our order placed quickly.  Our food arrived almost immediately and we split an order of shrimp dumplings that were also the best ever.  Eight of them came with a side of soy seasoned with a heavy dose of garlic, ginger and other ingredients I cannot identify but enjoyed very much.  They were also grilled which I liked and larger than others I've had elsewhere.  This time my entre was the Kalbi which are their Korean barbecued Short Ribs and again the smokiness and seasonings were delicious.  My son had the Bul Goki at my recommendation and he also enjoyed it very much.  We received about nine bowls of Kimchi with a couple different variations from the other night.  It was difficult to determine which I preferred they were all so good.  To summarize I would give Cafe' Ga Hyang 5 stars for their food, 4 stars for the service and 3 stars for the facility and price.  I will definitely return for more of their epicurean delights.  NOTE: Cafe' Ga Hyang no longer serves any alcohol.",4.0
"Short story:  This place is a scam and preys on elderly patients. 

Long story: The people at Aspen Dental convinced my 85 year old grandmother that she needed extensive work on her teeth and then asked her to fill out a credit application for $4,500.

After consulting with a different dentist my grandmother decided not to go with Aspen Dental.  They then told her that they already processed her credit application and took the money - and she hadn't even had a procedure.  She was on the hook for $4,500. Did I mention that the women is EIGHTY FIVE YEARS OLD?

We had to threaten legal action.  Nightmare dentist.",1.0
"My boyfriend and I have come here twice so far and will most definitely be coming back soon. I love the overall feel and atmosphere of this place. The waitresses definitely add to the authenticity of the restaurant. 

We have gotten the pan con tomate both times because it is so fresh and tasty! We also got a salad with cucumbers, fresh feta, green onions, and roasted peppers and I dusted that dish off quick! We splurged and got the $20 cheese, but, and preserve plate. I did not like the bleu cheese at all but the other 3 were delicious. There was a fig served on the side that was obviously soaked in some sort of alcohol. It was a little overpowering. We ended up taking the leftovers of the cheese plate home.

My boyfriend ordered the clay pot and didn't eat much because he was so stuffed from the cheese and and complementary bread that comes with dinner. We have the leftovers in the fridge right now :P

The first time we came here, we got the vereniki which is like a pirogi. It was so amazing and had a very light flavor. My boyfriend got the goulash and liked it very much! It wasn't what I was expecting but he really enjoyed it. I got the adjarski khachapurri which is a boat-shaped bread with cheese and egg in it. It was soo filling and tasty. I'll definitely get that again!!

As far as drinks, we got 3 different drinks and they were during happy hour so it was cheap! I got an angry ginger lemonade and it was wayyyy too gingery for me so my boyfriend drank it. He ordered the GF forte jackass and said it was too gingery but I thought it wasn't too bad! I wanted to get a drink with no ginger so I asked about the gypsytini and the waitress said there wasn't any ginger in it. I ordered it and I was very impressed! A delightful flavor and not too strong! I can't wait to come back!",5.0
"Wow! first off let me say this place is beautiful! The interior is very plush, and on par with some of the mega-clubs on the strip. The prices are very reasonable (think i was paying around 5 bucks a drink). Its a very non-hassle environment, you walk right in and there are places to sit down WITHOUT getting bottle service, this is something vegas defiantly needed. GREAT JOB!",5.0
"Big fan of this salon! Few things that stand out compared to other nail salons..
CLEAN! From the moment you walk in everything about it is clean and professional. Very relaxing, non- chaotic atmosphere. 
POLISH COLORS/ DESIGNS! Soooo many cute designs to choose from and so many color options. I don't have to search Pinterest for the design I want cuz they have so many to choose from already. 
FRIENDLY! The staff here is so nice! Very welcoming! They always offer you something to drink (they also have complimentary beverages) and go out of their way to accommodate you. 
I get pedicures here and they always do an amazing job! They make sure I'm completely happy with my designs and they always turn out how I want. 
Definitely recommend this salon and will continue to come here!",5.0
I had the escargot with mushroom caps with the mushroom sirloin.  The steak was prepared perfectly and escargot was very hot and good the bread that was good to dip in the oil. Martini was to my liking. Well done a happy customer.,4.0
"This was our final meal of the trip.  My apple cinnamon French toast was one for the ages.  Very fluffy pieces of challah.  My wife had a scramble with bacon, spinach and Monterey Jack cheese, and even the toast that accompanied it was above and beyond what most places pass off as toast.

Aside from the meal being top grade, I would say that the service here should be a model for all breakfast/brunch places to follow.  This is a very popular place, apparently, and they make it look so effortless to get everyone served promptly.  We were told the wait was 10 minutes, and it was probably five or so.  There was very little wait for the food to come out, and a new iced tea was put in front of me well before I had finished the current glass.  They have a huge staff, and they are all working hard and keeping up with the deluge of customers.",5.0
"The photos speak for themselves, I'm so glad I found the diamond--in the rough. This place is the best, fantastic, I've been trying to find a good salon to maintain my hair. 
I've gotten my hair cut by Liz twice and I can't wait to go back and get colour, I already know it's going to look great!!",5.0
"The people here are not trained, very poor customer service, asked me the same order six times and still never got it right and I'll never go back. Don't waste your time going to this Dunkin' Donuts a bunch of retards work there.",1.0
"I joined yelp to write my review and warn consumers about this place!  Go if you're a girl and you want a mullet....

One star: my SO came here several months ago, and got a decent haircut here. We recently moved here from LA, where there are lots of Asian salons, so we were glad to find one here through Yelp.  Jim was very, very quick. The whole experience lasted about 20 minutes. 

Since he did a decent job with the SO, I went to the salon two weeks ago to get my haircut.  I called in advance to ask when a good time would be since I had the whole day open.  I was advised to come in one hour later.  Note: only the woman that works there speaks English, Jim speaks very very little English.  

I show up at the appointment, and immediately see that there is another female getting her roots chemically straightened.  Why did he say to come in an hour when he's in the middle of another appointment?!? Suspicions arise...

The woman washes my hair thoroughly. I enjoyed it until her friend showed up out of nowhere and the two began speaking loudly in Korean. I am Asian, but not Korean.  It got a little uncomfortable.  She sets me in a chair, and I sit there with wet, drippy hair for almost twenty minutes.  The woman hands me a style magazine for women with digital perms to look at even though I already told her I was there for a haircut.  Eventually Jim comes over.  By this time, the woman, which speaks basic English, is gone and nowhere to be seen.  I explain that I am looking for a short hair cut, which is a big change from my long hair.  He quickly grabs a xeroxed copy of Jessica Alba with a layered bob chin length and points at that style. He says something about layers. I say okay, make me look good, not too much layers. 

I close my eyes - bad move, but habit since my mom is a hairdresser and I'm used to relaxing.  I trust hairdressers.  Maybe that  was my mistake.  Next thing I know, I have a horrendous mullet on top of my head. It looks like a dog chewed on my ends, and everything is uneven.  The top (crown) portion of the head is definitely shorter than the bottom.  He finishes off his creation by saying, do you know hair wax... then scrunches hair wax in really, really hard.  It was horrible!!!!  I have never had such a bad haircut, and I've gone to beauty schools before! It took him all of 10 mins, max 15 minutes to do all that damage.  

I paid because I could not wait to get out, walked out, and drove home, thinking that I was too sensitive. I got home, took a look at the damage that was done, and promptly called Toni + Guy at San Tan Village. In 30 mins, I was at Toni + Guy. Thank goodness Ashley fixed my mullet!!!!

Be careful about Jim Jeon Salon! We aren't going back again :(",1.0
"Love that my kids are all fired up about the music they are learning and the cool, amazing instructors who are teaching them!",5.0
"Best service hands-down!  This office employs top notch personnel, the doctors assistant was very helpful in explaining the health of my eyes due to so much time in front of a computer due to my work needs.  They are not in a hurry to rush you through and get to the next patient.  The location is very clean and welcoming and always professional!",5.0
"Went there for a group event and I have to say, they did a great job of making us feel special. Food was very good and plentiful. Bowling was fun. Other items in the event room like wii tennis and board games were a plus(not sure if it was our guys or them). The hostesses were all very pleasant and helpful and wanting to aid in our enjoyment. I had a jolly fun time!",4.0
"When we lived in Bloor West Village, you couldn't throw a cat without hitting an overpriced, underwhelming sushi joint.  When we moved to the Junction, there wasn't any sushi at all!  Wherever would us hipsters eat?

Then along comes Lan Sushi!  

The food there is amazing, and very well priced.  The people running the place are extremely friendly and know us by name already!  They give my wife a free hand roll every time she goes in to pick up an order!  I love these guys!  

Sure there's no place to sit and eat in the restaurant itself, but who cares!  Go home and eat it in front of your X-Box 360 during a spirited game of Modern Warfare 2.  Am I right ladies?",5.0
"This is a pretty good store. It is handy for Me. Some of the items that are carried here are too high when compared to Walmart and like stores. But it has a good assortment of foods, veggies, fruits, and frozen food. I shop here about twice a week.",3.0
"One of the best ice cream places ever. Tried the banana and was astonished. Huge chunks of banana throughout. Also had the strawberry which I don't usually like but, oh my. Packed with strawberries. The portions were nothing to complain about either. If I lived closer I would be broke and fat.",5.0
"Not good.  Went there this weekend thinking this would be a cool place with awesome drinks like The Laundry Room.  I was very disappointed.  The decor was a little confusing. I liked the walls and where the band would set up, but I didn't like the alligator accents or the feu velvet couches.  Looked tacky.  With all of that, the biggest disappointment was the pre made Old Fashioned, poured out of a barrel.  I had a better experience at RX Boiler Room.  A great speakeasy/craft cocktail bar needs to understand that great drinks require time.  Not something that should be set up for speed to toss out to the masses.  
Lesson learned, I will not be going back to this place.",1.0
"The food is good and the owners are amazing. Try the cookie centered brownie, it will make any bad day good",5.0
"YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(299/365) ""Sandwiches, Salads, and Such""

We finally made our way to Bronze Cafe after getting cut at Hi-Rollers nearby. After seeing the majority of highly rated reviews by fellow Yelpers, this visit was long overdue. 

The Tree of Life was what I originally planned, but it changed in a split second like a Jedi mind trick when I saw BACON JAM and MAPLE BACON described in the LGBTQ Sandwich, a pretty BOMB rendition of the BLT. We also chose to split the Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad with Candied Pecans. Service here is very pleasant and the workers even toss your salad order if you would like them to. Unfortunately, this salad was lacking in flavor and the pecans lacked that sweet toasted flavor. Their version of a Snickerdoodle was dry and crumbly. The Loving vs. Virginia (AKA Brookie) was nice, warm, chewy, and decadent.

Great spot to chill and meet up for a nice healthy lunch. I'd like to return to  try the highly raved about Tree of Life Pita and Bizness Salad because I heard it was the business...For now, it sits at a little more than A-OK for me.  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu  3.75",3.0
"This was a great deal!  My husband wanted to do it the first night we were there, but I said no.  Finally I decided that it was a good deal and we'd try it.

We bought it at 11:30am one morning and ended up eating a mid-afternoon snack, then a late dinner, and then breakfast the next morning.

Our first stop was lunch at the Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood.  They had a great selection of everything!  Soups, salads, Mexican, American, etc.  They do have a crepes station, but the crepes are pre-made so I didn't try them.  You can also get cotton candy here, which seemed to be a favorite of many!

Our afternoon stop was at Le Village Buffet at the Paris.  VERY GOOD!  They had delicious prime rib.  A large selection of breads.  Interesting desserts and a made to order crepe station (with NUTELLA!!!) delicious!  There were lots of Greek food options as well.

That night we decided to try the Lago buffet at Caesers, but they were closed on Wednesday night so we high tailed it over to Harrah's Flavors Buffet, we got there right before 10.  It was ok.  They did have a good Mexican station with surprisingly delicious chicken.  They also had blue cotton candy here and our server told us to grab some to take (they had it wrapped up).  

We went to the Spice Market Buffet (PH) for breakfast.  It was so good, but I don't think you can go wrong.  I saw people in their pjs here and a few girls that were still wasted and dressed in skimpy dresses from the night before.

I guess anything goes!  I would do it again.  I really wanted to try the Rio buffet.  Maybe next time.",5.0
"3 stars since I didn't actually get a haircut here.  My review is based on the customer service NOT provided during the 40-min wait for a haircut here.

Stopped by on a random Wednesday afternoon-- how busy could it be? 2 people waiting in front of me, 2 barbers. Not bad, right?

First, of all, I was never greeted. The guys who worked here would look, but then go back to buzzing hair. Guess I don't exactly fit the customer base description (no tattoos no piercing) but still, can you make me feel like a customer?

Where it really got me was that one of the barbers decided to take a cigarette break after his customer #1. Cool and I have no problem with that. Then he came back in with some ""regular"" customer who proceeded to get a haircut immediately before me.  WTF?

I sort of watched it happen in disbelief before deciding to peace out. If this place is not your scene, I'd recommend saving yourself the time and trouble and going elsewhere.",3.0
"Hungry Howie's is good pizza IF you do NOT order the Thin Crust pizza. We accidentally got 2 Thin Crust pizzas because of a mis-worded online offer. The Thin Crust pizza is the WORSE pizza on earth. You would be better off going to Fry's and getting a frozen pizza. The Thin Crust pizza is basically a large saltine cracker with a smear of tomato sauce.  Absolutely the worse pizza of all time. This bad review is solely targeted at the Thin Crust pizza. The workers and managers at this location are great people and the stuffed crust pizza there is a good value and tastes good. BUT I repeat, the Thin Crust pizza is horrible. Even more and more beer did not help its genuinely bad bad taste. Whatever marketing idiot that dreamed the Thin Crust pizza up should not just be fired but black-listed from all pizza companies. Cold pork and beans tastes better than the Thin Crust pizza! The Hungry Howie's Thin Crust pizza is the Ebola of Pizza!",1.0
"I absolutely love this place. The bartenders are super nice, and DJ they have there on the weekends is super chill.",5.0
"Love this place.  Let's be honest, nail places are a dime a dozen and they are all pretty much the same unless you are truely at a SPA.  First, this is not a spa so don't let the name fool you.  They have 3 pedicure chairs and 5 or 6 hair chairs for hair cutting, 2 chairs for manicures and 1 room (I think) for waxing.  I'm getting there.......so, the reason I like this place so much is you can understand them much better than your typical nail place (yes I'm sorry but I like this), they are NICE and actually spend the time on your nails that you wish most places did.  They file your nails exactly right, they're not lazy about it. (most nail places file my nails, paint them and when I get home realize my nails are all crooked!)  The owner Kelly actualy does the nails and hair too.  I was in there today and they actually called her in because it was so busy and they didn't want to turn anyone away.  She was there in 8 minutes!  Troon (sp?) is great. Very friendly and surprisingly the best one there (most guys I find are not that great).  Down side?  1. Eye brow waxing is not as meticulous as I expect 2. They don't have cable tv so not only is the tv behind my head so I can't see it, but it stays on whatever local sports are on all the time.  They should invest in cable and 2 more tvs for all to enjoy.  I shouldn't be encouraging anyone else to go here since one of the reasons  I like it also is because it is small / quaint and I don't feel like I'm in a cattle line waiting to get my nails done fast and furious.  All in all - 2 thumbs up!  This is not a ""dime a dozen"" and if you don't mind some of the down sides, you'll enjoy this place. If you do, say hi to Troon for me!",4.0
"Yep! This show is dope! If you love music and dance as much as I do, you will be tapping and shaking around in your seat even singing along as I did.

A must see show for everyone!

This is a great show for the entire family to enjoy!

IMPORTANT NOTE: Make sure when getting show tickets that you don't skimp and be cheap as you will regret it if you are stuck sitting in the third, fourth or fifth balcony, total nose bleed section. Not only will the stage be a blur but is quite the hike and in 5 inch heels that ain't freaking fun!",4.0
"Best moving experience I ever had! Movers were on time, efficient and friendly! Kudos for them to moving their truck several times to let our neighbors out.",5.0
"One of the most incredible desserts I have ever come across.  The sugar waffle is so nice and moist, I had it topped with strawberries, bananas and vanilla bean ice cream.  It was such a satisfying sweet.  Best dessert in pittsburgh hand down.",5.0
"An adorable little place! (""little"" to be interpreted literally as the place only has a few tables) The service was super friendly and welcoming, the crepes were delicious, and prices were about average ($9.50 or so for a crepe). They certainly give off an authentically French vibe, and I am guessing this is why they don't offer any meat crepes (only vegetarian, egg, tuna, and salmon options). I thoroughly enjoyed my scrambled egg-filled crepe, but the foodie in me would have really liked to have thrown a strip or two of bacon in there....",4.0
"Completely underwhelmed with this experience. Went for lunch, had better service from the busser than our server, who was taking care of two other tables in the otherwise empty restaurant. Food was not worth the prices by a long shot, $15 for mac and cheese that was under seasoned. 
The entire place is also carrying a heavy chemical smell from their recent reno, which in time will no doubt fade, but currently didn't help with the experience. Those who are sensitive to odors might want to think twice if the rest of the review didn't already change your mind.
We will not be returning, and without some serious changes to their business plan, I doubt they will be around for long.",2.0
"I've been here a couple of times now and I've enjoyed it both times. The food is good but to be honest, I'm not up-to-speed on the types of food on the menu so I'm learning how to order here. Regardless, I've loved the two meals I have had. The last time i was there (two weeks ago) I had the Kufta pita wrap and it was awesome. I still think about how good it was.

I've been here two times now. The first time was good enough to bring me back and now I'm wanting to go again (three weeks later). So in my book it's worth the visit.

Lunch service is a little slow because they've only had one wait-person but it's not deal-breaker by any means. Knowing that now makes me relax more when I go there.",4.0
"HUGE WARNING - RED FLAGS

After moving out of a rental property this past weekend My wife and I used this company. We received a coupon in those money mailers, 3 rooms for $49 plus a hallway was free. So, of course we called to schedule a cleaning. When discussing what was needed they ended up quoting us a rate of $130, and stated it was higher because of the loft, and staircase that would need to be completed. We agreed and schedule the appt. When the technicians came out, they were suddenly telling us the rate was going to be $529!!!! Advised we would needed to do additional cleaning due to literally 4 pet urine markings. Keep in mind this is a 5lb Yorkie we are talking about here. Shocked by this, my wife and I told them no way, and that we would use a second company we had scheduled for the next day (should have used the second company). After declining the service the technician says ""give me a moment I'm going to contact the office and see what I can do."" The technician comes back to us and says ""ok, we'll do the services for $329. I'm going to take care of this for you."" He then explains to us by doing this service there will be no pet stains, or post service pet smells. He also advised there is a 30 guarantee on the service and if our former landlord found any problems or noticed any smells they would come back out and do it again.  We agreed and allowed them to complete the service.

5 days after the service, our former landlord contacts us saying the house had a strong pet odor from the carpets not being properly cleaned, and due to this she would be charging our deposit to once again have the carpers cleaned, this time by her company she uses. We explained that our service had a guarantee and we would send our cleaner out again. When contacting the office we spoke with the office manager, Hilda. She proceeded to tell us that the service we were promised wasn't completed, and that they don't offer a 30 day guarantee on there work. She explained that we only paid $329 vs the $529 we were quoted so only a portion was done. When we explained what we were told by the technician, we were told that's not possible, even though the services to be completed were still listed in the receipt. When we asked to speak with the technician we were told that also was not possible.  When asked to speak to the owner, Carlos, to express our concerns. We were again told that was not possible. When asking for an address she told me we don't have one for you to visit. The office manager said she would have Carlos contact us and let him know it was urgent. We never received a call back from Carlos.

Moral of the story is the technician lied to us. The company apparently does not have an office. The office manager wasn't willing to follow through with what we were promised. And finally, Carlos the owner, who apparently is also a field technician, didn't care enough about retaining clients to make a phone call and do the right thing, or to hear that he has a technician out there lying to his customers about services be completed, and guarantees that the company apparently doesn't even offer. USE AT YOIR OWN RISK


***** In response to the reply below *****

Based on my review you should know exactly who I am. I am the husband of Kaila M, Who also posted a review, which you responded to. It's interesting how a large number of your reviews are complaining about similar issues. Especially being upsold. Your company is practicing typical bait and switch technics.  The BBB will be happy to be notified of these tactics.",1.0
Had one of the best roast ducks ever here! Atmosphere looks very nice. Food is great and the pace in which they come out is good!,5.0
"Best Pho I have ever had and the best lemongrass charbroiled porkchop a I have ever had. If ever on Charlotte this is a must go to place. The food is amazing. The staff is courteous, fast and friendly. Amazing food!",5.0
"It was a perfect way for me to start the weekend.  Jen, my massage therapist, was fantastic.  She did a quick consultation before the session, asked me my preferences, my daily routine, and any impact areas.  First couple of minutes into the massage, she made quick adjustments to her technique to match my level of comfort.  After the massage, she gave me an assessment of what she noticed and recommended a course of action for the muscles.  Very impressed with the service.

The ambiance is great, the massage was great.  Highly recommend it!",5.0
"service.. slow/ slightly frantic. food.. amazing..went for brunch with a friend, sat outside and watched the live band play, as it was a beautiful Sunday. server came over and asked what we would like to drink. they have a section on their brunch menu for bottomless mimosas and bloody marys that i told my server i wanted to take advantage of. i started with a bloody mary before my meal, made with some clam juice which i was nervous about, but it was amazing. it did however take quite some time to get our beverages. when i ordered my second drink, a mimosa,as brunch came and it arrived when we were finishing our meal. we stayed for a while, as it was such a nice day and the band was great, empty glasses for quite some time and our server was mostly MIA. a guy was walking to all the tables quickly filling the glasses, but that never happened for us. normally i wouldnt care, but i was paying for bottomless brunch! we finally track her down and we asked for one more round and the check. she informs me that ""ill make this one bottomless"" and i told her i was confused bc i initially ordered that. she said ""well you cant mix and match. ehhh sorry"" i just wish she told me that sooner...like when i ordered my first mimosa. miscommunication i think. a different guy came over with his big pitcher, extra nice and gave me tall one,  when she brought over the check, she ended up fixing it so i wasnt paying extra which was really nice of her. we still enjoyed ourselves, however make sure when you go, you dont have any time constraints. 
on a side note. when you go, try the Mac-n-Cheese. its amazing.",3.0
"First of all, I wasn't prepared to haggle over a gym membership like one would haggle over a car. But I did and I'm ok with it now. I nearly walked out of the place though while it was going on. 

The staff is alright I guess, I don't talk to them and they don't talk to me.

I enjoy it there, I go and do my own thing and that's how I like it. Even when it is crowded I still manage to find a machine to use and bide my time until one that I want opens up.

I think the bathroom area could be kept cleaner. The garbage always seems to be spilling over. Also, I've noticed that the paper towel dispensers were out of paper towels several times when I went to wipe down the machine I was on. Just gross lol.

Overall, its a nice place and I'll be sticking around.

Oh, I hate their hours. Why, oh why, do they close at 8 on Saturday and Sunday? I usually don't have time to get there until 8 (after the kid goes to bed) on any given day. I really thought all gyms had extended hours to cater to their customers.",3.0
Fabulous! Food and service was outstanding!!! Have not been here  since it changed ownership and was remodeled. I was very impressed. Will be back soon! This is a must if you are looking for a Habachi/sushi spot.... this is the spot to go.,5.0
First I'd like to say this is the crappiest place I've ever experienced we had my dad admitted on March 16th 2016 which was a Wednesday and he went there in the evening well they never gave him water in his room the only time we had water was when he took his medication he went from doing very well in his Rehabilitation to be a none coherent and because of the no water situation he became dehydrated which causes is kidneys to fail and by Saturday he was totally delirious I went on Sunday now this is in less than a week I had to call 911 and have my dad admitted into the Scottsdale Osborn Hospital where we found out that he had a heart attack that nobody noticed when we were there on Sunday before we had to call 911 Which Wich the call button for the nurse to come change the diaper that my dad had never used before yeah a diaper it took them 16 minutes before my sister went out to the front office or waiting area to find 3 employees sitting there 1 with their feet up on the desk and my sister asked if it usually takes this long for someone to come check on a patient that push the call button and her response was yeah at dinner time sometimes it takes longer and when we asked her about him falling out of the bed she responded with a giggle saying sometimes it happens well let me tell you I was livid my dad was dying if we would have left him there that day I honestly believe he would have died he had a heart attack and they didn't even know he had no water for 5 days I thank God everyday that we didn't leave that night that we called 911 for two days thinking my dad was going to pass away now he is back to normal or his normal but I wouldn't tell anybody to take their family members to this hell hole I feel sorry for all the people that are there they treat you like s*** and as if you're incompetent when you are not incompetent like my dad says they treated him like he was a baby and he's a grown man yeah he needs a little assistance instead of coming in the room they would yell at him through the speaker I know I'm going on and on but I wouldn't tell anybody to put their loved ones in this place I just thank God again that my dad is alive and with us so people please do not put your loved ones in this facility unless you want them to be in danger real Danger my name is Stacy Richards and I love my dad and the other reason I got one star is because I had to put it in order to put this review out but I would give it a -10 Stars,1.0
"This review was also posted to their Facebook page. Putting one star so people can see there are still hour long wait times for breakfast. 

My three children and I had brunch here yesterday to celebrate Mother's Day early and try to skip the crazy restaurant crowds Vegas usually has on holidays. We were seated at 11:30, ordered our food at 11:35 and we were served at 12:31!!! Thank goodness my three children are extremely well behaved, even though my two year old was understandably getting anxious. While we were sitting there quietly and obviously upset with three frowning, hungry children, nobody approached us to apologize for the wait until 47 minutes of waiting (by this point I started checking my watch). At 51 minutes, the manager came by to apologize for the wait as well because they were ""really busy"". There were eight tables total in my area and only 2/8 of those tables were served their food. The table next to me that finally got their food were waiting as long as we were. 

There was another customer who made a big stink about the wait and got up to leave a couple of times but his wife stayed behind so he and his son eventually came back and were finally served their food. The manager spoke to him apologizing a few times and then I hear that customer got a 20% discount to ""make up for the wait"" but myself nor the other customers sitting next to me got that same discount. Because we were being polite and waiting patiently? That's really unfair. I would never ask for a discount for a long wait time but to not be offered one because I didn't make a big scene about it isn't fair at all. 

The Kailua location was one of our family's favorite places to go when we were living in Hawaii. After seeing the mixed reviews when this place first opened, I held off on visiting for a few months to give them time to work out their kinks but a 50+ minute wait for breakfast food is unacceptable. I just saw other reviews from over three months ago complaining about the same thing and it's an issue that still isn't fixed yet. Go to Baby Stacks if you want great food and quick service. They constantly have lines out the door but you will never wait more than 20 minutes for your food.",1.0
"If I could have given no stars, I would have. I called this place 3 times after realizing they had towed my car from my apartment complex (due to parking lot repaving). On the third call, someone finally answered, but was completely confused as to why I was calling, and said that I had not reached a towing company. I have records of these calls and that I was dialing the correct phone number in my phone - even the woman at the towing company did not contest this. 

I was also unable to location my car via any online towing database 10 hours after it was towed. This was despite entering the VIN and Lic plate numerous times on numerous tow-finder websites. In order to locate my car I had to call the Henderson Police Department and be connected to Ashely Towing - via the same number I had called three times the previous evening. By the time I had located my car and gotten to Ashely's towing lot, they had charged me a storage fee. I asked a series of questions trying to get to the bottom of 1) why I was unable to reach Ashely's towing company the previous evening (I was told the manager was working at the time I called), and 2) why I was unable to locate the car online. At the end of this  exchange, when I had paid in full and after I had confirmed the PD reporting times with the Henderson PD, I was handing back the last signed itemized receipt to the customer service woman when she called me a b**** and launched a personal, verbal attack. This personal attack came unprompted after I handed her back the signed itemized receipts as requested. This incident was excessively inconvenient and stressful, beyond the normal car towing experience. The customer service and business practices were unacceptable. I am minimally recommending that my apartment complex not use this towing company again.",1.0
"This is a very interesting and different experience here in Cleveland. Glass shaping is fascinating and almost magical, but the few hour class offered here shows you that it is an art form that is as easy (and as hard) as working with clay or paint. 

The class offered is meant to be for a small group. I mention this because it is not apparent on their site or coupon that this is the case. If you pay for a ""class"", they mean a block of time for a small group, not per person. 

That being said, I did this just as an individual and still enjoyed it tremendously.

As a home schooler, I would say this would make a fabulous art lesson. I know I will be making plans to bring my kids in. It would also make a great family outing in the winter (it is toasty in there). I would recommend it for kids 10 and up and who are able to follow directions.

Overall, nice group of people, fun few hours, not as hard as you think. Definitely worth the time and money.",5.0
"Have eaten here a few times since opening, and I scan not complain. Service has always been great, food is good, and surprisingly quick for just a opening.

Inside seating area is very small. It is odd.",4.0
"Longest lasting gel manicures, beautiful salon, very friendly staff, complimentary water... i love this place! Been here about four times now and will not go anywhere else!",5.0
"What a joke I ordered chicken nuggets and got shorted one, yes only one. So I tell the lady who was working and she laughs and says ""do you want me to give you one chicken nugget?"" It may only be short one but the fact of the matter is I payed for it so I should get what I payed for. I don't care how minimal it is, and way to provide good customer service by laughing about it. Seriously unprofessional and rude. You know what is actually funny? The thought that fast food workers deserve a raise.",1.0
Jen,5.0
"Such a nice alternative to sushi. I really like their cream sauce and house sauce. The portions are large for the price. And super fresh! Save room for Brick Macaron Ice Cream sand which! I loooove macaroons, and these are delish!",5.0
"The place in Vegas for alignment period.  I have 30 years in the automotive industry and this shop has the equipment and talent to do almost anything.  They did my 4 runner the my wife's car the next day.  They saved me $40 on my wife's car because there were only 2 limited adjustments because of the car.  Most places would have sucked up the difference but not this shop.  I saw big lifted trucks, RV's and some lowered sports cars as well as some high end exotic cars there.  When you see big money vehicles at a shop that tells you you are at the best place possible.  Kudos and I'll be back and send everyone I know to go to Arrow.  Sound like a jingle?  ""Send everyone you know to go to Arrow""  I'll take a royalty for that one.",5.0
"DO NOT GO HERE!!! Firstly, to dry clean a shirt is &6.50!!! Wowie! Then when they laundered my shorts and socks, they caused a rash on my skin. My advise, Stay away!",1.0
"I met a friend here for lunch due to the convenient location and an Enjoy Book coupon.  While the food was fine (basic bar food), we could not get past the strong scent of cigarette smoke permeating the air.",2.0
Can't say enough about Berry's Blooms!  The flowers for our daughter's wedding on 6/17/17 were so beautiful!  Teri guided us through the whole process and was so willing to work with our budget and our likes and dislikes.  We had so many people comment on the flowers!  We would recommend Berry's Blooms for any occasion!,5.0
"Came in for a bite before doing some grocery shopping at Whole Foods (I know, I know..pizza and WF sounds contradictory). 

They are doing lunch specials where you get a 6inch 2 topping pizza and a drink for $6.85.You can add fries or onion rings for $1 or a side salad for $2 and some change. 

We added on the onion rings and those came out pretty fast. Not bad, but a tad cooked too long so it was on the harder side of crunchy. 

BF and I got to share one with salami and jalapenos and one with meatballs and olives. The crust was crunchy and it came out piping hot and quick. It's ""kinda"" Detroit style, more inspired I feel, a bit different than what I actually can get in Detroit. What it reminds me more of is the deep dish my elementary used to make. That's not meant to be a bad thing- my school made fresh (not packaged Tony's frozen) squares with pepperoni bits and I thought that was the best thing ever.

It was a nice throwback to my school days, was decent of a lunch meal at a good price, but it isn't my preferred deep dish around. 

The server was nice as well so 3.5 stars. I'm a fan, but it is just a-ok.",4.0
"It's an older crowd for sure, but is fun for any age if you go with a group.  Almost all country music, but the regular crowd on the dance floor is pretty entertaining.  

A lot of  ""cougars"" and plenty of opportunity for debauchery if you are a guy in your 20s... if that's the direction you are looking to go.  Drinks are cheap, so that should help you make some bad decisions.

There seem to be a lot of fights at this bar.  Then again, that can be fun to watch too.",3.0
"I will never be coming here again after time chance after chance customer service went down the hell I was a loyal customer sense they opened, in 2015 I've spent so much money here to be treated poorly from workers talking in their language badly about me and would complain if I had something fixed or changed I know they spoke badly about me or my sister because I used Siri translate, lately the people who had been very rude was Rachel and David Jennifer was okay the manager, until she started changing up the prices on me or people I brought to the salon like she charged 10$ just to remove my mothers gel polish and put another gel when she got a refill or just because she filed them down she charged 5$ extra just because shape but it looked the same just a little shorter , everything extra I went from paying 18$for a full to paying 35$ I might as well of gotten a new set I'm not sure why she was trying to take money like that I have not seen the owner but would love to speak to her,and ask why , I went from loving this place to hating it the only person that has never had issue is christy she is always so nice, my last straw was when My friend made an appointment for me and my sister and her we changed it from 4:30 to 5 and Jennifer called and changed it for us till 5:30 and we got there on time and she said she can't take us only 2 people then she changed it to only 1 person that is not right she has always done this to me were I make an appointment and she takes other customers that have no appointment before Us. Anyways Rachel would always get mad if I got long nails or say negative comments same as David they should be able to take criticism not be rude. I have so much more to say about this salon I just can't believe after all this time this is how it ended.i gotten discounts here just because Jennifer didn't want me to tell her boss that they messed up or didn't take me on my appointment time I've gotten a free full set because I got a bad infection from a manicure when I got cut I still have the photos I had puss and cut all over the side of my fingernails it was really bad the young girl who did it looked like she had no experience. She could of nicely told her boss what happend I was offered to be seen by a dr but I already had gotten creams for cuts and burns. I really hope this changes ... for other customers I know the boss is a great nice woman she deserves to know this",1.0
"We got a clean room in the MGM Signature Grand on the third floor.  That is all we got.  Housekeeping never came even when we asked.  We never got our newspaper.  Getting on the wireless was a pain.  But the room was wayyy cheaper than the MGM Sig Grand.  I think its probably fine for two people (husband and wife who don't make a mess) but I wouldn't bring a whole family or an entourage in their suites.  I prefer places like the MGM Sig Grand where there is no gambling on the ground floor and I found the location uber convenient.  If I had gotten an ounce of real service, I would be giving them one or two more stars.",2.0
"Food is average. Playing Hispanic music in the lobby doesn't mean you serve good Mexican food. Burrito was sloppy and over packed with potatoes and hardly any meat. Shredded Beef is horrible. Poor mixture of meat with onions and tomatoes. Looks like dog food. Enchiladas were below par. Not sure how you mess enchiladas up but this place did it, way to GO Seor Taco.",2.0
This restaurant is the bomb. The risotto is probably the best in the United States. It just melts in your mouth. It is so delicious. The service was good also. You must try this place if you are craving French food.,5.0
"Amazing good, excellent wine pairing. Deserving of Michelin Guide 1 star
Very cute hostess greets you at the door.",4.0
"Showing its age. I predict a complete overhaul and renovation and soon. Pools however are fabulous. Without pools the place would be a 2. Some staff great others were cranky. Stupid magnetic key locks made me go to lobby 4 times to get key that worked. How much fun is that? One time the guy at the front desk said the batteries in the door lock must be low, but no offer to fix it.",3.0
A beautifully private owned beach/club for surrounding residential use. Drive a little further and there is a bunch of beautiful restaurants. Nice area to walk around.,3.0
"Horrible Service and very average food. Blown away by all these reviews.

This is basically IHOP with a full bar.",2.0
"My husband and I ordered a couple of recliners from this store in November.  We paid 1/2 up front and received a call from the owner a couple weeks later saying that one of our recliners was in but that the other one was sent to the wrong warehouse and wouldn't arrive until January.  My husband did pick up the recliner that was in but we're pretty sure we were given the floor model because the chair looks worn and also has a pretty bad squeak. The owner did deliver the 2nd recliner to our house when it arrived in January, but we weren't offered any kind of reimbursement for having to wait 2 months.  My husband did call the owner to let him know about the squeaky recliner and was told that he'd have to bring in the recliner so the manufacturer could provide us with a new one.  We didn't want to go through the hassle because we figured we'd have to wait another 2 months for a new recliner.  The owner was nice but I'm not sure that I'd ever buy furniture from this store again.  Most people do not want 2 months for their furniture to arrive and I felt the owner could have done more to compensate us for our troubles.",2.0
"I would like to begin this review by saying WELCOME BACK MOMMA EVELYN!!! I AM SO GLAD YOU'RE BACK!!!

What a great event! I haven't been to an Elite event in a while so it was great to see some familiar faces (and meet some new friends)! This is definitely one of those Yelp events I will recall when people ask me ""So, what's so good about being Yelp Elite?"" There was a great flow of pork belly, chicken and vegetarian tacos. For those of you who know me well, you will know that I am a self proclaimed meatatarian (meat with a side of meat, please!) but I could not get enough of those veggie tacos. I would say these are now my favourite meatless tacos in Toronto!

Great work, Evelyn and Chantel! 

P.S. Thank you for the #Insta-win and thank you to El Patio for the free guacamole for 3 months!",5.0
"So disappointing... Margarita had no flavor,  charged full price for happy hour items, fish fry VERY over cooked,  frys were cold, charged more than menu price for kids items.  Not once were we asked how our meal was. The waitstaff brought my daughter the wrong flavor shake and just said 'oh sorry' but would not bring the correct flavor(and then over charged us for the wrong one). This meal was a huge waste of money. I would never recommend this place, unless you want to be over charged for bad food.",1.0
"I recently had my hair styled for engagement pictures. I had scheduled a shampoo/blow dry and hot tools styling. Once I was in the chair, the stylist informed me she only had me scheduled for a shampoo/blow dry. I was immediately disappointed. I was hoping for a morning of pampering prior to pictures, but I felt rushed out of the chair so quickly, I didn't even know what happened. The stylist made me feel as she was just looking to ""check me off"" of her schedule. Unfortunately, my hair didn't last either. I was disappointed for sure, and I would be hesitant to recommend this salon.",2.0
Good. They cant even cut my ingrone nails:( they said they can make it. She should've said she can. Time wasted. Oh and money as well. Good thing she's nice.,2.0
"I needed a bike and advice on Bootleg Canyon and All Mountain Cyclery was the ticket.   They set me up with a soft tail  and all the gear I needed.  Knee pads were a good idea and I'm glad I didn't have to see how much protection they would give me in a crash.  I got trail info and a couple of routes that would suit me.  The bike was set for me and adjusted really well.  I hadn't ridden a soft tail but it worked great, a  29er.    The directions to the trails gave me the lay of the land and a chance to gain back my bike skills.  I haven't ridden in a month and then only on the flatlands of the gulf coast.  
It took a while  to get to the top but I had a great afternoon getting familiar with the bike and the trails.  Glad I had a map and my gps as I would have got lost.  Great time.   I'd come back here and rent again.  Maybe next time my son in law and I can check out the trails.",5.0
"This restaurant has been up and coming for quite a while now; Even undergoing a beautiful remodel.  Loyal white haired neighborhood patrons flock to breakfast, and dinner mostly.  Based on recent experiences with my family, their service is sub-par at best, unfortunately.  ""Just sit anywhere you can find a table"", the young pretty woman said on our most recent visit.  After fifteen to twenty minutes of waiting with no server, no one busing the previous customers half drank Bloody Mary glasses, we decided to call it quits.  On the way out, we overheard an older gentleman say he was two minutes from leaving and cooking himself some food.  The Pinnacle Grille has good food, but inconsistent service.  A message to the owners:  If you expand your business, you must be better prepared; Your service staff and management is unprepared to match the quality of your food.  It's time to regroup.",2.0
"The salon I usually go to was closed and I was anxious to get my hair cut so I went here.  Have you ever sat down to get your hair cut and the person just starts cutting your hair without even asking you what you want done???  Neither had I until I came to this place.  I had a way overgrown pixie and wanted to trim it and clean it up with intentions of growing it out, but she just went to town as soon as I was in her chair.  I am pretty laid back about my hair so since she was already cutting, I just went along with it stupidly trusting she knew what she was doing.  I asked immediately after she started cutting, ""So, are you just giving me a shorter version of what I already have?"" to which she replied, ""I am point cutting it.""  So this lady didn't even answer my question, she just told me the method she was using to butcher my hair.  This woman was going SO FAST(no one was waiting to be serviced) and we were actually talking about what I wanted WHILE she cut it.  She managed to cover up the sloppy job by using a lot of product.  It wasn't until I got home and washed my hair that I saw how uneven and jacked up my pixie was.  I have NEVER in my LIFE had a worse hair cut (except maybe when I was 12 and my mom decided to experiment on my hair with a regular pair of craft scissors).  Lesson learned.",1.0
"My husband and I are from California, but were in Mississauga for a wedding. Our flight flew in late and by the time we got to our hotel we were hungry. Moxie's happened to be right across the street from where we were staying, so we decided to eat there. 

By far, one of the BEST steak dinners we've ever had! Both of our steaks were cooked perfectly and they cut like butter! The garlic mashed potatoes and veggies were so good! Our waitress was incredibly friendly and welcoming once we told her we were from the states. I wish we had a Moxie's here in California!!",5.0
"So freaked out right now. We asked for a lime with the corona and after working the register, he grabbed the limes with his dirty fingers. After the chef heard that we put a happy hour order in, he screamed 'no more happy hour' and started banging things around. Then the order came out with refried beans instead of black beans. Fly's are buzzing all around our food. I am too freaked out to eat this and just spent  $17.46. Should I risk it, and try this food?",1.0
"I have never been a fan of going to the gyno for an exam, but Dr. Roth made me feel comfortable and got it over with quickly. I appreciate that she takes her time with me and answers all questions that I have. She is very kind and easy to talk to. It is like you are talking to a friend! I will always go to Dr. Roth!",5.0
"So I think the definitive sign that a bike shop is honest is when, after giving them what you thought was a flat tire, and was not actually a flat tire, they do not charge you or make you feel like an idiot. (For what it's worth, I also had a real flat fixed here -- great service, quick turn-around.) I'll be coming here for all of my tune-ups.",5.0
"We didn't have Mr. Rooter come out, but we called close to midnight for a rapidly and constantly overflowing toilet that was flooding our home. A woman answered quickly and nicely told us she would send someone out to help us. 

Sean/Shawn (not sure of the spelling) called us and talked us through the issue. He gave us options of having him come out ASAP or scheduling someone to come out in the morning when it was more convenient for us. He was courteous and very helpful. We'll definitely call Mr. Rooter for any future issues.",5.0
"Mac was such a lovely host on our trip to taste some wines along the Beamsville Bench. We visited 4 wineries in total and still had time in between to have lunch at a quaint restaurant. I've been meaning to visit some wineries for awhile but never had the chance to because I wouldn't know which ones to visit, transportation and planning just gives me stress. Mac took care of all these. Experiencing wine country shouldnt be stressful, it should be relaxing and fun. I had a great day. :D",5.0
RW&B is one of our favorite restaurants! The food is always fantastic and everyone is always so nice :) I just wish they would build one on the west side of town!,5.0
"My perfect ice cream shop!  Delicious ice cream, friendly service, super clean.  So happy you're here.",5.0
"I truly can't believe that KFC has gotten so bad over the years. It's been years since I have eaten at a KFC. Last time I ate at the one that was located on Rainbow between Sahara and Charleston, I got food poisoning. That was years ago. So being in the mood and willing to give them another try, I visited the West Charleston Location. Wow! Disgusting! The service was good, but the food was horrible. The gravy on the mashed potatoes was solidified and didn't compare to years past. The potatoes themselves were dry and powdery. The Cole Slaw was actually the best thing we had there. The chicken was greasy and didn't compare to years past. The Mac & Cheese was horrible! Some of the worst I've ever had. The Ranch dressing was again the worst I've had. The place was very dirty and messy. The outside lights were left off and it was night time which made it difficult to know if they were even open. I'm sure that will be the last time for me going to what used to be a high quality restaurant.",1.0
Well what can this Italian say Corleone's is good to me! Granted I only Get the God Father and its just like I like it greasy and tasty. Their a little pricey but I would have to say try there God Father I think everyone will enjoy that one for sure.,3.0
"This store is only a hop with no skip and jump away from me. You would think I'd be a grateful  person living so close to a market, but no! The parking lot is a disaster. I saw a woman right in front of me break her hip trying to walk to her car, and fell on the cement parking block. Paint those things would ya? The grocery carts are probably my biggest complaint. Why can't you have the small two tiered ones that they have at Walmart and Competitors? The answer I got when talking to a store manager was: because people steal them! No kidding! That's called a business loss and a tax write off. Or do what other stores have done in places like Las Vegas, put monitors on them where the wheels lock when rolled off the property. I live in Sun City, and yes we have lots of Great Grandmas and Dads so get over it! The aisles are not big enough for the giant carts, scooters, walkers, and canes. It would be so less wasteful if produce would pre cut half a cauliflower, squash, and other bigger veggies and fruits. The employees in the front of the house are very nice, but the deli and pharmacy is atrocious. They are not the pharmacy gods or the deli princesses, they are Kroger employees and should honor their policies.",2.0
"I don't go out for lunch too often anymore, but when I saw a $12.99 Indian buffet in Yorkville, I had to go in (I was actually going to just get a salad from Salad Days).  

While the selection isn't large, they still had a very good salad bar, 10-12 hot items, soup and some dessert.  There is definitely a focus on quality here as opposed to quantity.  

-Fresh naan bread
-Bean masala was excellent
-I can't comment on meat since I don't eat it on weekdays, but they had butter chicken, goat curry, and tandoori chicken but they all smelled very nice.  
-Even the salad was well dressed.

In addition, they have a loyalty card.  Have 5 meals and your 6th meal is free. 

Verdict: Good quality buffet and I'll be back.",4.0
"Fresh & Easy is a delightful addition to the neighborhood. Love the prices, love the produce, and love the pre-made items. Not a huge fan of the meats here, but I'm weird about meat anyway, so that's all on me. I love that I can seamlessly shop and be secure knowing that the ingredients are worthy or serving to my precious little fam. What was life like before we knew about Fresh & Easy's peanut butter pretzels...hello? I love that items such as brussel sprouts, radishes, the pain in the rear to clean produce, is all neatly packaged and cleaned! I hear this location is the busiest in the state & one of the smallest. Great staff- We just love it!",5.0
"I left two raw whole chickens in the trunk of my car for four days in 100+ degree weather.  My car smelled like death. I took my car to first class auto to see if they could get the smell out. This was after me trying everything from bleach to baking soda nothing worked , but first class auto got rid of the smell on top of doing a EXCELLENT job cleaning the inside and outside of my car including the dingy headlights! ! Thanks again guys! !",5.0
"How does one start their Centennial revue? Which venue does one choose to mark the occasion? How many other factors can possible come together to make this the hardest revue of my Yelp career?

...and will I ever be able to regain my sanity?

I am told that a great work of art is never truly finished, that the work never ends. After just one visit to Soho Japanese Restaurant, I now understand what that means.

Clearly the great Yelpers of Las Vegas have collectively cried out the praises of this understated little gem in the southwest valley. Not only does it rank top among sushi restaurants in Las Vegas, it ranks tops among ALL restaurants in Las Vegas. That little tidbit has to be making some of this town's ""legendary"" chefs red in the face. Someone should tell those people at Michelin they are dinosaurs - no wait, never-mind, let them figure it out.

You see when it comes down to it, it's quite simple - if you do something great, people will notice. And it's clear, Soho does great better than anyone in Vegas.

The first thing you notice when you walk into Soho is that no world renowned restaurant decor consultancy group was brought in to ""class the place up"", like they do in most 5 star restaurants. Soho is a simple, friendly, comfortable and welcoming environment - a 5 star restaurant that won't make you feel like you're not good enough to be there (what a concept.)

The staff are regular people, just like you and me. But management is obviously treating these people with a little respect because it's quite clear they all love working there - it shows in absolutely everything they do. Imagine great service at a 5 star restaurant from friendly people who don't look down their nose at you (are you guys starting to see a trend here?)

But you really don't appreciate how good you have it until the food arrives. It's easy to get so comfortable here that you can forget you are about to partake in one amazing meal. All that changes once you take the first bite. For us it was the Uni Trio - just Wow! (Thank you sir, may I please have another.)

I know what you're thinking, what does a boy who grew up in Fargo, North Dakota know about sushi? Wouldn't he be dead last on the list of people you should trust on the subject? (Hey Buddy, you forgot to cook this!) 

Fair enough.

The truth is, you're just going to have to decide for yourself. No amount of banter from me is going to change your mind,so I'll leave that up to the marvelous people at Soho, they are better suited to the task. 

Whew! One hundred down, and ready for round two. Go Yelp!",5.0
"I love eclectic Japanese food and creative rolls. And I absolutely love this restaurant! 

I don't know what else to say, just come eat and you will understand the 5 stars on almost every review.",5.0
"Best bbq in the city! You can throw a dart at the menu and will not he disappointed. They have a brunch menu on Sunday and do burger night on Tuesday. Everything I have had so far has been great. They also recently switched over to a larger menu which has a bbq sampler, sandwiches and still tacos too. If you are on Butler street this place is a must to check out!",5.0
Ordered a captain and Coke. Was informed they don't have captian and.They don't have Coke. Told them to make as best they cold. Got the worst watered down rum and Coke I've ever had and got charged $30 for the 3 pathetic drinks we ordered. Absolute worst and I've lived in several areas even NYC.,1.0
"My friend and I decided to have a girls night out and picked Smoke. This review will have 2 parts. Food, and management aspects.

First the food. During our insane wait in the packed but small waiting area, one of the diners came out and offered us (the waiting public- now friends because we had bonded) her bag of chips. Most of us were 1-2 drinks in and were ready to eat our coats, so we snagged the chips. The magical, incredible chips. When we were seated we had another cocktail. These drinks are fantastic and incredibly mixed using flavors such as lavender, blackberry and cucumber. The queso- unique and divine. The tacos? Ridiculously fresh and fabulous. We had a beef and a chicken and I can't pick which was better because they were both incredible. The mac&cheese was so rich and delicious but we were both too stuffed to eat much of it. So for food and drinks Smoke scores at the absolute top.

If the operations at Smoke ran smoothly they would be overrun with patrons and they would have to open other locations because they are that good. That being said, here is my perception of our visit. First, the piece of paper on the door that says SMOKE was not visible from the street, so we drove past it 4 times. Here's the deal- there are too few people working and when they come back from the employee area (which should be used for seating-seriously) they are inefficient. 2 girls were trying to deal with an inefficient seating system, juggling phones, getting drinks, wiping tables, taking names, and dealing with people checking on where they were on the list. We were seated after about an hour, but according to the text system we weren't supposed to be seated until 7 minutes before we left. It's a hot mess. So call before you get there to put your name in. Call when you are parking. Call when you are walking in the door. Then enjoy some awesome drinks and food!",4.0
"Gordon Ramsey is such a hostile perfectionist I presumed his food would be top quality or at the very lease better than mediocre. The first thing I noticed upon entering was the smell of grease and fries and fish bubbling away in vats of grease. Pretty disgusting, so hubby placed his order and I decided I didn't need to drink grease. I just couldn't muster the ??? needed to order all that grease. Out of curiosity, I did try some of hubby's fish, on the soggy side, soggy with grease... and pretty bland, like flavor drowned out by grease. I'm glad I didn't part with cash for grease here, but if your diet lacks grease or you really have been taking healthiness too far lately, have a go at it.",1.0
"**updated review Feb 2017**
I've been here a handful of times now and there are a few hiccups that are constant. The service is awkward at best. One man in particular is not very friendly and he isn't helpful about the menu items. He also
stands to the side and watches you eat
to see when he should come by to get your plates. I feel a little uncomfortable eating while somebody is standing across the way staring at me. 
The other thing is that the inside of this restaurant smells weird, I don't know if it's sewage or a particular chemical they use to clean the inside of the place but it smells really bad. Kind of hard to have an appetite when you're in a place that reeks.
I do want to support this good cause, but if they could get their staff more properly trained in addition to the stench gone that would be really good.

********************

I love this place and I love the concept! Eating and giving to those in need are two of my favorite things! I see so many cool places pop up and then vanish in this town...I truly hope this place makes it for a loooooong time! 
Tim the chef came out and talked to me about custom making me a vegan meal, I was craving a veggie sammich and he made me an amazing one! 
Prices are so reasonable.
Restaurant has a caf type vibe to it, is clean and simple inside.
Their brunch menu looks pretty dang cool too.
This may become a staple in my dining out rotation.",3.0
"Whopper was dry. Fries were cold. Iced tea was flavorless.

There was also a creepy old lady just sitting in there talking to everyone as they walked by. I didn't respond to her and she proceeded to stare at me the whole time I was sitting there. She also went over to a family with a little boy to tell them ""he's so cute I just want to snatch him up and take him away with me"". Um, okay. If I was that boy's parents I'd have gotten out of there as fast as I could.

Management: do us a favor and make the creepy people leave the place if they're not there to eat. Thank you.",1.0
"Terrible service. We walked out after the waitress told us to grab a seat and then she'd be there. We grabbed a seat. Then 3 other parties came in and she sat them, giving them menus and waters. Seemed like she forgot about us. Sorry but I don't have time to wait around for a woman to remember to do her job at lunch time. Not impressed.",1.0
Sometimes the wait time is long but the staff is very warm and friendly. I really like my doctor.,4.0
First time getting my eyebrows threading my friend referred me to Sweetie and I love love love my eyebrows no more waxing will be coming here from now on! Very nice lady thank you Sweetie!!,5.0
"I sent my husband to numerous Mark Taylor properties while was in Arizona on a job interview.. He narrowed it down to San Lagos and San Prado. He ultimately decided on San Prado because the office staff made him feel welcome and San Lagos(only a block away) was far too large of a community. I only ever saw the images on the computer and we all know sometimes what you see isn't what you get. We were living in North Carolina so everything was handled over the phone and  via e-mail. Kristin was beyond helpful throughout the process and was very welcoming when we arrived to get our keys. I didn't know that there was a college across the street and when we arrived I was wondering what we had gotten ourselves into. Though you would never know you were across from a college campus because there is no noise issues(besides the occasional slam of the door or car alarm).

When we moved in there were a few things missing and within a day the maintenance guys came by and fixed those issues. A neighbors water heater broke and soaked our master bedroom floor and they came immediately and even had someone come out to clean the floor. Our water heater was acting up and within an hour of calling ON A WEEKEND they were over to check it out and get our hot water back. 

The grounds are well kept, the amenities are amazing. We chose San Prado because of their no dog policy, because of the office staff, the amenities and how small the property is compared to others. 

Like any other apartment complex if you follow the rules and keep to yourself you will love it!",5.0
"Great, small, out of the way spot. 
Very cool vibe, decor & pleasant staff. 
Food was very good. 
Looking forward to returning and trying different menu items - for both healthy and ""cheat"" days.",5.0
"My 100th review!  Woohoo.  Went to skinny fats for lunch today with some friends and we ordered a whole bunch of stuff to share.  I love the concept of this restaurant that separates healthy vs. happy (aka fatty) items on the menu.  They also have lots of juices and salads for the health conscious.  We ordered 3 things from the unhealthy menu and 1 item from the healthy side.  We got truffle fries, smotherload breakfast burritos, sirracha ahi tuna tacos (healthy) and the stewy Benedict.

The good:
Fries were yummy.  It goes well with the jalapeo ketchup.  The portion size is very generous.

Breakfast burrito - it had steak, sausage, peppers, potatoes and salsa on top.  It also has a delicious sauce that goes on top of the burrito.  It was very flavorful.  Again portion size is huge.  

The ahi tacos are individual orders.  We got 3 for 3 people to share.  It comes on a whole wheat tortilla.  When i first bit into it, I can tell that the fish is not that fresh.  But all the salsa, sauce, onions and mango masked the taste.  I guess youre supposed to eat it all together and not just taste the fish itself.

The bad:
I didn't really like the stewy benedict.  It was a huge biscuit with an egg on top, hence the benedict, and its smothered in a beef stew.  It was a little salty for me and there wasn't that much meat either.

Next time I come back I defintiely want to try more of their healthy options...especially the juices and not succumb to the bad influences of friends who wants to eat everything off the ""happy/fatty"" menu.",4.0
"Placed late night order on 10/8 for delivery which was never received. Have gone into the location twice for help getting a refund. Only the owner can process refunds from their online ordering system. Second time in, employee gave me the cell number for the owner. As of today, the number is shut off and not taking calls. Not sure if he disconnected the number or blocked mine, but still no refund. Have now had to dispute the charge through my credit card.",1.0
Came with my older brother to eat after the gym. Friendly staff And met the owner who is also a very nice guy! 10/10 will come back.,5.0
"This has been our go to spot for breakfast since we've been coming to Vegas, and we've only cheated twice. However, today we were VERY disappointed! Usually our wait is 20-30 minutes and everything has been good to great. Today the wait was 5 minutes and the food was cold, undercooked AND the service was horrible. I guess IF we go back again, we will go when it's super busy!",1.0
"I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed. I had the Kalbi burger which is prepared medium and was a good choice.  The parmesan fries were very good.  I would recommend the karage chicken as an appetizer, which is something I cannot find in most restaurants and the dipping sauce for the chicken is excellent.  As for the service, I thought it was good.  I have read some reviews where service was a concern.  This was not the case on my visit.  It was a very good dining experience.",4.0
"Burgers were good and cooked to our liking. It was interesting to try new flavors on a burger. The BBQ burger happens to be the traditional burger (no bbq sauce added). 

Customer service was OK. I had coffee to drink but it tasted as if it were sitting in the pot for hours.",4.0
The food was delicious and there was excellent customer service. I would definitely eat there again. Very classy and great atmosphere!,5.0
"Artie's Alibi Casino rocks.....EXCELLENT HOME MADE FOOD, GREAT SERVICE, FRIENDLY PATRONS & A GREAT PLACE for single women to hang out ........A super place to have a party whether 10 or 50 people, allways accomodating from hot finger foods to veggies & dips, hire your own DJ, decorate the place up a bit & party the day or night away................5 star review @ WooHoo! As good as it gets!!!!!",5.0
"I walked past this salon on my way to Little Italy  last week and decided that I needed a new summer haircut. I saw online that they have a 10% student discount on Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays - every discount helps since I'm on a student budget. 

Nella, the owner, took me in as a walk-in on a Wednesday, which I really appreciate - I think it was just luck that she had an open time slot before the next appointment. I would recommend making an appointment ahead of time to be on the safe side.

I showed Nella a picture of the new hairstyle I was aiming for, and she went right to work. I basically wanted about three inches chopped off on the ends and to add some texture and layers throughout. I had a very pleasant conversation with her the entire time, and I learned that she knows quite a lot about Little Italy and some of its history. She is very friendly, professional and a joy to talk to, and most importantly, I am very happy and satisfied with my new haircut.  The cost of the haircut was $18 - perfect for my budget.

Overall, the place was clean and cozy, and I would definitely recommend Nella to anyone looking for a great haircut for a great price.",5.0
"Huge portions and delicious food every time I come here.  Love that they're always open, even at 2am after a night of heavy drinking with my friends out in search of munchies.",5.0
Nice and crispy grilled cheese with a bit of oil batter soaked into the bread. Best item. The poutine was crap. Seriously tho that grilled cheese...it's weird. Weird but leaves you wanting more.,3.0
GOOD FOOD! I like that there's different kinds of Asian food all at one place. Interesting atmosphere as well.,5.0
"While checking out the Eaton Centre yesterday over my lunch hour I thought I'd try and get some holiday shopping done.  Well, that turned out to be an epic fail and since I was hungry, I thought I may as well grab lunch while I was there.

The new Urban Eatery is probably one of the coolest ""mall food courts"" I've seen in a long time.  After walking by numerous spots, I decided on Rare.  

Rare is a sandwich shop, located at the north west end of the Urban Eatery.  Their freshly made rare beef sandwiches are prominently featured on their menu, however, they also offer chicken, turkey and vegetarian sandwich options on their Expresss Daily Sandwiches.  All of their sandwiches are served with soup or salad. 

I ordered the Pico (pico de gallo, caramelized onions, and bell peppers, lime-spiked crema, monterey jack and of course rare roast beef) with a quinoa salad.  Ordering was fairly easy and as I watched the sandwich girl make my sandwich I couldn't help but think ""that's a lot of beef!""  Now, in stark contrast to the beef portion was the sad tablespoon and a half of quinoa salad they threw into the take out salad bowl.  The salad bowl was tiny to begin with, but the fact that they don't even fill the salad ""cup""...honestly, it was not even 1/3 full!  I was really disappointed because the salad was delicious...quinoa with cranberries, apple pieces and a sesame oil dressing...delicious, but sadly the microscopic serving size left me both wanting more and resenting them for giving me such a teensy tiny portion.

The star attraction, the beef sandwich was DELICIOUS.  The fresh rare roast beef had been thinly sliced and quickly dipped in an au jus before being placed on the whole wheat bun and then topped with all the ingredients mentioned above.  THEN, once assembled was put in a panini press to heat it up for a few minutes and perfectly melt the monterey jack cheese. What can I say, it was a rare roast beef sandwich symphony.

As delicious as the sandwich was, I still can only bring myself to give it 2 stars...with a total price tag of $10.11, without a drink, I kind of felt a bit of wallet rape anxiety after the insult of consuming my 1 1/2 tablespoons of quinoa salad.  The sting is still there.",2.0
We are from out of time and needed a pizza place that delivered. The pizza was great (I'm from NJ and this pizza is almost as good as home). Delivery was fast and our order was correct. Reasonably priced and great food.,5.0
"This is one of the best property management company I have found. Kyle is my manager, and he is OUTSTANDING! He is so familiar with the market and locals, when you ask a question he will reply within 10 minutes with very detailed information and suggestions! Their record are clear and can be accessed on line, and the team is very capable and honest. Very hard to find such property management team I wish all of my other property managers are like that!",5.0
Over priced for how much food you get. 15 dollars. Seriously? Food isn't to bad but I think your better off going to Pei Wei. It's cheaper and you get more food. I will say that everyone that works there was very friendly and attentive.,1.0
"Keith and his team worked around our schedule for the installation of our new Trane unit. They were on-time, within our budget and the crew was fast and friendly. 

My 3-year-old was fascinated with the A/C installation and the crew went above and beyond answering his questions and working around our busy house. 

Thanks team, you guys rock!",5.0
That was the worst breakfast and coldest coffee I've had in my life. And very rode disrespectful costumer service. What a luck.,1.0
This place is ok. Went before an event last night with a group of friends. Food is ok. They have an event menu so you don't many choices. Do not get the hummus platter not good. Tried the Mac n cheese w chicken it was ok as well. Service was average. Think the waiter was a little flustered by a large table. Had a hard time keeping up with all the drinks. The beer glasses sat empty quite a while. This was our first time will probably give it another try during a happy hour when prices are alittle less.,3.0
"Sub's are delicious, great local sub joint. Definitely will come back more then a few times",4.0
"I decided to go with something semi light so I went with the club sandwich: Sourdough bread with bacon, turkey, avocado and some other stuff  It was pretty good the fries that came with my sandwich were just right.. soft but very crunchy . My meal was good but  it gets 3 stars  from me because they don't have a very good selection on the menu. It does have a nice little patio in front looking out towards the various gates so you'll never miss your flight unless you are inside the bar watching a game. it's a Cool place to sit while u wait for your flight. :)",3.0
"I'm going to make this one short and sweet. Place was kind of clean. Better than most but not immaculate. The manager seemed inexperienced to be a general manager. Kind of kept staring at me and not talking. You think he would make suggestions. Anyway, after I ordered my friends burger and mine. It took a total of 12 minutes.  Bear in mind our ticket was the only one on the expo board....?? Fast food?? That's why we come here because it's fast not amazing.

Really discouraged because I waited there for a while and a cashier, shift leader and general manager all just stood there and stared at the one cook on. You think they would help her because clearly two burgers was a task. How are you a lead or a manager if you don't jump in when your employee is sinking on one ticket?! Red flag

NEVER GET THE TERIYAKI BURGER. This was the worst burger I have had since living here in Nevada. I even asked my boyfriend to try some and he said ""I don't even want to finish chewing it."" This is a man who can put down mostly everything. 

The burger didn't even taste cooked and was not that hot. The amount of mayo and Teriyaki sauce on it was disguising. Both sauces were like ice cold. My bread was actually soggy from it. One leaf of lettuce and 8 rings of onions. I feel like that isn't SPEC at all. From staff watching their own cooks sink, to the worst burger ever I will never be back here, yet to this company alone.

CHECKERS DOWN THE ROAD!",2.0
"Somehow this food court gem manages to exceed it's environment, and has earned a well deserved prize from me of being the only food court restaurant I would ever consider eating at, going to again, and tell my friends about.

If the woman who calls me sweety and whips through the mass of customers with amusing energy is Karine, then Karine is a pretty special lady. It's always a pleasure to be a customer at this place, and I always feel personally attended to. 

This is a magnificent feat considering, as I said, that this is a food court restaurant.

Plates are big, with lots of fresh fruit, and really healthy conscious. Good food, well priced.",4.0
"Simply put, Gossamer Salon & Grooming Co. is amazing!  Everyone is super-friendly and super-talented. Especially Selena, the owner. I've been a happy client for almost 15 years and even after all this time Selena always has fresh, fun ideas to keep me looking great. My daughters are clients and Selena styled their hair for their weddings including the attendants. Of course everyone looked fabulous!

I love the feel of the salon which is edgy but elegant. I love the location too. 

I highly recommend the salon to everyone I know.",5.0
"Ok, I walked in at 7:30pm and had to wonder whether they were open.  No hostess! So I walked in and stood at the bar for nearly a minute before I skated if they were open.  Finally some service!!!  Let me say that the drinks are fantastic!  The food not so much.  The rating is only due to the drinks.",3.0
"I'm honestly not sure why this salon has good ratings. I went here with hair that had not been colored in ten years. I thought I would be safe by going to a professional hair stylist but I was very wrong. All I wanted was for my hair to be highlighted and layered. The woman I talked to over the phone seemed like she was trying to be nice but when I asked questions about pricing and the hair treatment, she seemed annoyed and like she didn't have time for me. I should have gone somewhere else at this point but I thought they must do good hair because they have good ratings. She assured me that highlighting is a basic thing that all the hair stylists are well trained in. I had Lanita as my hair stylist and I immediately noticed that there was hair all over the floor, it didn't look clean or prepared for my appointment. Once I sat down, I told her I wanted basic highlights and layers. I showed her a couple of pictures of what I was looking for and she told me that she could not copy someone else's work. She told me that doing foil highlights were ""out"" and I shouldn't get them. She then informed me that she was going to paint on the highlights and it would look great. I should have left then because she didn't want to give me what I asked for and she seemed a bit too pushy.  Unfortunately I let her do my hair, thinking she probably knew what she was talking about because she was the professional. She then painted on the highlights and let it sit for awhile. The entire time she was doing my hair she was checking her phone and gossiping with the other hairstylists. I didn't feel like my hair turning out well was a priority to her at all. After she washed the bleach out of my hair and I first saw it, I thought it didn't look too bad. Unfortunately I didn't realize that it looked darker than it was because it was still wet. She then cut my hair which seemed fine. After an alright cut, she blow dried it and complained about how long it was taking because I had so much hair. She told me she had a dinner to go to so she seemed like she was rushing. Half way through straightening my hair she told me she forgot to thin out my hair. She kind of gave me a woops attitude about it and didn't offer to fix it. Once I got in the car I noticed my hair was a copper orange color and the highlights made no sense. They were chunky in some areas and none existent in others. My bangs were saturated with coppery blonde while the back of my hair looked untouched. I paid wayyyyy too much for a hair nightmare and had to pay even more to go to a different salon and get my hair fixed. The stylist that fixed my color also ended up fixing the haircut because she saw that the haircut made no sence as well. Although I was excited about getting highlights, my new hair stylist had no choice but to dye it back to dark brown to get rid of all the uneven coloring in my hair. Lesson learned- do a lot of research on salons and stylists before letting someone touch your hair! Don't make the same mistake I did, go somewhere else!",1.0
The men who moved our baby grand were experts!  They were very careful and positioned it correctly in our new house to look and sound beautiful!,5.0
"Great food, nice atmosphere. My sister and I stopped here on out way to a massage. Didn't know the area but saw this place next to the gas station we stopped at. Was not disappointed. They have breakfast all day, the food is fresh and made to order. Would absolutely come back!",5.0
"Our kitchen is torn apart, in the middle of a renovation. So last night, there we were again, hungry, and no way to cook. Delivery choices are limited in our area, unless you want pizza or Chinese. 

We were pretty burnt out on both. But decided to go for pizza. I sifted through our stack of menus, and came across one for a place we'd never ordered from - Nick's.

I was pleased to find that, in addition to pizza, they offered pasta dishes, hot and cold subs, salads, and cheesesteaks for delivery. Score!  We ordered a meatball sub, a cheesesteak, and a caesar salad. 

Delivery was fairly timely (way better than the 45 minutes Streets of New York delivery!). The goods were a pleasant surprise as well.

The caesar salad was HUGE! The round to-go container was jam-packed with romaine lettuce, parm, and croutons. Dressing was served on the side. Thank goodness for that, because we tucked right into the subs first, and were way too stuffed for salad afterwards. That left me with a huge salad to take to lunch the next day. 

The subs were on a soft on the inside, crusty on the outside roll. The meatballs were nice and juicy, and with good flavor. You could tell it was made with mixed meats (ideally, beef, pork, and veal), as a good meatball should be made. The cheesesteak, on the other hand, was OK. The meat was rather salty, but otherwise good. 

That tab wasn't too bad either - around $22. I would definitely order from them again.",4.0
"Bestbuy is gouging its customers on the taxes of cell phones. They are charging 38-40% by taxing the full retail price of the phone, not the price they received it for. Seems they are the only company doing that. I took the sales people and couple managers to task about it. They were absolutely stunned to see that not only could I read, I could also comprehend. Will be filing a complaint with BBB ASAP
Y",1.0
"Awesome customer service. Not sure of his name but her had spikey hair. I wasn't sure about what I wanted and he took the time to explain the menu to my daughter and I . I had the fish tacos ...yummmy and my daughter tried the burger. We left full, happy and satisfied",5.0
Fantastic service! Everyone is very nice and helpful. The shuttle picks you up and drops you off directly at your car. The drivers are awesome! If you reserve on-line it's only $5 a day. Their system will the yellow ticket to find your car is super efficient. I just have to remember to bring cash to tip the drivers because they always go above and beyond.,5.0
"I normally would give a 5 star but she does not even deserve a one star. Hair's My Paradise moved again with no notification to her loyal customers. She did not move a few blocks away but 30-40 minutes away and if there is traffic on Bell road even longer to get to her new location. For her customers that choose not to go to the new location, she cannot even give a reference to another beautician in the area. Shame on her and this very bad business practice.",1.0
"Thanks to Blessed Hands Massage, I am able to move about more gracefully. I was experiencing a reoccurring stiffness. With her knowledge and experience. We were able to narrow down the source of the pain. See you soon!",5.0
"In retrospect, I really regret not ordering the burger. I ask myself, why did you order John Dory? White fish is white fish. It's going to taste like whatever they cook it in. And then a waiter walked by with the burger. When I saw a $30 burger on a menu with truffles and foie gras crammed into it, I thought it was a gimmick for tourists. Now I know that next time I'm in Vegas, I won't even remember eating here, because I didn't order that gimmicky $30 burger.",4.0
November special buy one pizza get one pizza for free.  I am from the Midwest so it is fun to get the taco pizza again and for a great price!,5.0
"Every time I've been to this shop it's busy. It is a clean shop with 8 lifts and the sheer volume of customers shows they know what they are doing. Everyone wants to talk to Nate and its hard to get his attention. He always puts the customer first, although it can be a bit disorganized at times. If there is an issue, just talk to Nate. He will always make it right and his free inspection is the best I've seen.",4.0
"Stay away from this company!!!. Once you place an order and pay for it, then good luck getting your purchased item or your money back.  Their policy is, not to give back  money to customer only store Credit, even if your purchased item is not available or discontinued, so think twice before placing an order , specially if it is big $$$. 
Norfinch location, I placed an order with sales person Chris, after one month following up with him for pick up, he told me that those items are discontinued and not available, I asked for my money back, he told me that I can only get store credit . After two weeks of following up with him for my money and hearing all the excuses, I decided to get the credit and buy something else just to end the hassle. Very bad experience, I will never deal with this company again.",1.0
"Such a beautiful float spa. Just love the rooms and the float pods. The environment and staff are so welcoming and create such a peaceful, calm environment. After a stressful day, full of aches and pains, couldn't imagine a better way to end my day! Such a wonderful and knowledgeable owner and the staff is also phenomenal!",5.0
"I have been coming here for 20 years and never get tired of this place. Yes,  the food is average, the drinks are over priced, but the service is great and the view is spectacular.
Personally, I liked the vibe here better when it was a piano bar back in the 80's, but times change.
This is the best place in Toronto to catch a sunset, or a nice place to start or finish your evening. 
This place is just a menu change away from being rated 5 stars in my book!",4.0
"Ordered Taco specialty pizza  and a pepperoni with extra  sauce , Pepperoni was good taste and look was right , Taco not so much no cheese ,and taste was not the usual flavor, disappointed, as we get it because my Granddaughter loves  TACO pizza . We order regularly ,the last time we got it ,it was the best ever ... I called to let them know that I was not happy ,young man could care less. told him there was no cheese ,he told me they measure the correct amt.  WRONG YOUNG WIPPER SNAPPER , I THINK I MAY TAKE THE 1/2 BACK JUST TO PROVE HIM WRONG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",3.0
"Great Place to get a quick breakfast, or snack. I really like that it is right across from the hotel elevators so you don't have to walk too far to get a good pastry.

I really enjoy their Ham & Cheese criossant and they make a nice cup of coffe.",4.0
"This is more a 3.5 stars.  My first time here was about 2 years ago for a friend's bday.  She reserved the lounge area in the back.  My initial thought was this is a nice surprise (not expecting it from the look of the outside and being located at a strip mall). After that, we came often for happy hour or late night eats.  They have different daily specials and we usually come for $5 burgers on wednesdays.  The burgers are very filling but average/what you'd expect from the menu description.

The menu has some interesting dishes.  The grilled bella is a good small plate dish.  The caprese wrap is inconsistent.  I've had it better tasting than other times.  I have yet to try a large plate dish.

They have a good and extensive drink list and there's a lot of beers to try that's not found at other bars in town.  When we went last night, they were offering their seasonal drinks like the pumpkin martini that my friend had (it smelled and tasted delicious!).  Hubby and other friend had pumking with the cinnamon sugar rim. Since it has a lot of alcohol content and so easy to drink, they will come in a short glass.  They also tried other seasonal ipas, which they both liked.  They have good martinis as well (and only $5 during happy hr)

I'd say food is ok (sometimes inconsistent), drinks are the star at this place, service is also inconsistent with some servers being better than others. The women's bathroom needs some TLC. I don't think anyone watches it because sometimes there are no toilet paper or paper towels, and the soap dispensers were broken last night, which made me question if the servers went to the bathroom and hopefully had their own hand sanitizers.",3.0
"By far the best mattress buying experience ever! In need of a new one, but wasn't excited to shop for one from past experience. Dan was wonderful! He let us take our time trying out different models (and there are a lot of them) without being pushy. He is very knowledgeable on the different types of mattress and helped us feel confident in our purchase. We left the store extremely happy with the great deal we got and look forward to sleeping on our new mattress tomorrow night . Thanks again Dan!

Tom & Leslie Hardy",5.0
"Had a flat tire this morning and did not want to have to replace an expensive run flat tire that I knew had lots of life left.  I got to the store 15 minutes before opening and there were three people ahead of me already.  They opened right at 8:00 and got me in, repaired the tire, reset the tire pressure monitor and I was out by 8:25. All of this for no charge which was awesome considering my tires were not purchased at Discount.  They just asked that I come back when I need a set of new tires.",5.0
This is a wonderful place and Juditha is an angel from heaven. I was in constant pain before seeing her.,5.0
"I have been doing Botox or Dysport for years and have never had bruising like this before.  Dark bruise on the side of my eye, and red and purple all around.

I don't think the gal, (I think her name was Susan) was very experienced.  
I am hoping I can add a photo to this post.",1.0
"Katherine sets the bar for Hotel excellence at the Registration Desk - efficient, pleasant and always acknowledges me by name.

Don't take the  5 minute cab ride, they have a minimum fare which is pricey. Take the hotel shuttle and give the friendly driver a nice tip, you still save $10.

During the sunset, lightning storm or after the rain the upper floor walkways give a terrific view of the sky show. 

The suites are spacious, clean and  have wide screen tv's.

This has to be one of the best bets, as a moderate business hotel,  close to the Phoenix airport, good central location, with quick access to the freeways.",4.0
Great first experience. Everything was fresh & delicious. As an appetizer the spicy dynamite shrimp was the best I ever tried . Definitely recommending & definitely coming again . The waiter was very friendly and easy going . The atmosphere is very hip and oriental .,5.0
"I travel frequently for business and recently relocated to Phoenix, so I needed a good cleaning service. The reviews on yelp for Malibu were fantastic, so I decided to give them a try, and I was not disappointed. In my first visit a shirt came back torn, and their owner personally called me and offered to reimburse me. They immediately owned up to it! FIVE-STAR SERVICE all the way. They did a fantastic job on all other articles of clothing, and I will utilize them as for as long as I am located in the Phoenix area.

Thank you to Malibu Cleaners for being an honest business that values its customers! I will tell all my friends and family to use you.",5.0
This place was amazing all of the food was mouthwatering the fish was fresh and delicious. It was also very family friendly.,5.0
Capriotti's is my favorite sandwich shop. You must try the Bobbie. Everything great about Thanksgiving in a deliciou sandwich. The staff is always very nice too. You can call in your order too and they will have it ready for you. Great Service!,5.0
"I'm not typically a picky eater when it comes to vietnamese food, but I'm going to come right out and say that this wasn't my favourite pho spot. 

The noodles were slightly under cooked, and the soup base was overly salty.

However, I will commend the restaurant on its clean decor, and appetizers. The spicy basil calamari and grilled skewers (specifically the beef and chicken) were delicious, and the complimentary taro chips that you get after ordering are a perfect snack to munch on while waiting for your food to arrive. 

WonderPho is a bit short of being wonderful in my books, but it'll do for a quick fix in the area.",2.0
"Cheap, fast, tasty. The pho is hot and the broth is tasty. They do have new specials for each day. I always get a large Pho Bo #6. Never tried anything else. Don't really need to. I will sometimes add on a non-fried shredded pork spring roll. They also have some good hot tea as well. What I like about here is that when you ask for ice water, the water comes out of a pitcher that has lemons inside so you get some lemon flavor as well. This place is close to where I live so I come by quite a bit.",3.0
"It's rare to find a store that actually cares more about your pets health than you do, but Pet People certainly do. 

It also helps that they have great products at great prices!",5.0
"These are legit.

Literal street tacos, but the smell is to die for.  I like that the meat is grilled, and the fire is impressive to see.  Great salsas on the side and cheap.

If this were in a restaurant, people would pay $15 for three and be loving it.  

I'll be back.",5.0
"There's a guy named Bill who works here who is BEYOND AWESOME. I'm new to town & he made me feel right at home, and helped me find exactly what I was looking for. The furniture selection is spectacular and just my style - sleek & ultra modern.",5.0
"I never had the opportunity to meet Catherine, but she delivered the most beautiful flowers I could have imagined. I took my bouquet on my honeymoon so I could stare at it longer (and I might add that it looked great for 4 days!). She absolutely captured my vision and was great to work with.",5.0
Nice service provider. Both office staff and plumber nahu are great. Professional work attitude and service.,5.0
"It's a party on Mondays and weekends, and more chill Tuesday through Thursday. Free for locals on Mondays so that's really the only day I go.  Pool is smaller than most, but that's not necessarily a bad thing, and of course you'll pay top dollar for drinks.  Tip-be nice to the staff and they'll be nice to you.",3.0
"Yummy! It's set up like cold stone, but the flavors are fruiter, better and healthier. The staff and owner are super friendly with our whole family. It's obvious they love their customers and they love what they do. I was very impressed with cleanliness, service and flavor! We'll be back for the recommended Pomegranate.",5.0
"Never have I ever experienced such fantastic service with each and every visit! The setting has a old school feel with white linen layered table clothes, waiters and waitresses are dressed in crisp white dress shirts & black ties. After only our first visit (a couple weeks later) we were greeted by name by a waitress who remembered us. On Friday & Saturday nights a sweet elderly man sets the mood with Rat Pack type music. Once you are seated by the owners (a husband and wife team from Italy) they bring you complementary bruschetta. Everything my husband and I have ordered has been perfection! Real, authentic, simply amazing, Italian cuisine. By far my favorite Italian restaurant!",5.0
"Getting long in the tooth.  Historic main building.  Pool deck is starting to show wear and tear.  Exterior room entry but it is Phoenix.  Room s were nice.  Well appointed and clean.,

The general condition is startingto show wear out side.

Did not golf.....why would I?",3.0
"My wife and I treated my in-laws to a late morning breakfast one Saturday. It was crowded, but our wait was not long.  The place is quite small, so the seating is intimate so don't expect a lot of elbow room.  The staff is friendly; however they had hip hop blaring which came across like they were trying to be too hip.  Hearing DMX that time of the morning lends it more for evening drinks than a relaxing breakfast.

The food was eclectic, and not your typical breakfast fare.  We started with cinnamon toast and blueberry pop tarts.  The pop tart was delicious; however the toast was nothing you couldn't make at home.

My food was good. I had a small boule sandwich which included a runny egg, slab bacon and cheddar cheese. But it was $16 and the size of my palm. However my wife and mother-in-law found their chicken baguette and grits special quite bland.   My biggest concern about this place is value. The food wasn't worth it given the big prices, the small portions and the mediocre taste and presentation.  The place could reach it's potential with smaller prices, larger portions and greater tastes.",3.0
"Visiting from San Diego to see family with two kids, 2 and 5, made this a very worthwhile discovery. The girls LOVED the splash pad and the train ride was perfect  (now $3/person and under 2 rides with a free adult). We will definitely be back again next time we visit. So whimsical!",5.0
"These guys are the real deal. Super nice, friendly, and helpful. If you have a diesel, these are your guys. They will do what it takes to earn your business. Very respectful company! I am going back.",5.0
"What a great find Paletas Betty is. My family and I have bought popsicles at both the Chandler and Tempe locations and are yet to discover a flavor that doesn't deserve to be tried again. With that said, there is something about the traditional Mexican Chocolate Paleta that is downright addicting. Creamy, smooth, and just sweet enough without being too sweet. In my book, you also can't go wrong with the Arroz con Leite. My kids love the creamy fruit flavors, and if you're adventurous you might want to try the Pina con Chile (pineapple with chile powder).

The service is alway quick and friendly, and even though you're eating sweets its nice to know the ingredients are fresh and everything is made from scratch. 

We have a lot of hot days in Arizona - Paletas Betty is a great place to cool off.",5.0
"Large party of 8, no reservations and got lucky that two open tables available at bar/lower level area. Our waitress was attentive and friendly.  Picked this restaurant because of being mistaken for Bahama Breeze so expecting Hawaiian Applebees so pleasantly surprised. Vast menu with some well layered offerings. For a chain, interesting menu mix. Chef tasting brought to table of lump crab on fried wonton, nice touch and very delicious. Crab bisque was quite good and recommended. Crab salad for two people, ahi poke, shrimp Caesar, macadamia nut crusted snapper with almond rice and grilled asparagus . kids meals don't count- chicken fingers x2, all American burger. Snapper was good, asparagus was decent and rice was over cooked on verge of no texture.  2 out of three not bad. Nice beachy upscale ambiance, should have worn board shorts to fit in, but didn't.",4.0
Repetes has some of the best bar food I've had in town. The nachos were gigantic!!! Full of toppings too. And the herds is a cheese sauce instead of shredded cheese they toss under a broiler. I hate when they do that. Hesse Saussure is the way to go!! Toppings galore as well. Ok now I want some nachos from repetes!! The meatballs are tasty but I wish they gave more.,4.0
"Driving back from Whitman Az., after spending the day with friends, my little brother Adam wants to get something to drink - ""real cool"",  so I head over to my favorite place where great, big, strong, smart, Wyatt and little Abbie greet us and take our order for something ""real cool"" on this hot day.  Wyatt says, Mark, I've got just what you and your little brother will like. Abbie and Wyatt leap into action and produce two of the bestest look'in drinks with whipped creme and sprinkles we have ever seen.  It's called ""Iced cold hot chocolate""  Oh boy is it ever good!!  Store Manager Candice has two ""Stars"" on staff - Wyatt and Abbie.  We love them and Dunk'in Donuts.",5.0
"If you're a vegan and you like comfort food, miss meat or are craving something hearty- this is a must try. Even if you're not vegan and you're craving comfort food you will really enjoy your meal.

Personally, I'm not a huge fan of comfort food but I still enjoyed it and liked having different vegan options. My friends LOVE this place. The staff was nice, prices were average, and the food was definitely creative and not something you can find at every corner. 

Whether you're vegan or not, I'd give this place a try.",4.0
"This show was not what I expected. I have seen his Mindfreak episodes on TV and thought it would of been something similar to that. However I was thoroughly disappointed. I had been intrigued with magic since I was little. However, this show did not suit me. It was a lot more of him talking nonsense and watching his videos of past performances or of his childhood. If I wanted to watch videos of him, I could of just gone online for this. Plus, he messed up during one of his acts. Not once, but twice. I am no longer a fan of him sadly.",2.0
"I went to Top Golf on a Sunday night. I took my kids and we were all looking forward to trying it. We went to sign up for cards (our membership) and then get on the list for a bay. 

It was about 45 min wait which I did not believe was so bad. My kids and I went to the dining area and that is when things started to go downhill. We could not get anyone to serve us!. Servers walked by, I tried to get their attention and even though they said they would find our server no one came. Finally a nice girl I flagged down got us some drinks (apparently we were not in her section). Once we did get a server after about 20 min. we put in our order. Our bay was then available before the food came. The server said she would transfer it to our bay, food never came and our server at the bay had no idea about it. When we got to the bay, my card to turn on the game did not work.  

The strange thing is after about 15 min of being at the bay a server (not the one from downstairs) came up to me asked if I had transferred some food up and wanted to make sure she was not our server and wanted me to say it. There were two managers watching her with me and she seemed kind of scared. It was quite strange. 

Anyways, waited another 30 min between them looking for our food and then 'finding' it. It was tasty, I will give them that. I really wanted to like this place- and I do for golf. The fun social atmosphere will either make it worth it, or make it horribly overpriced. Hopefully they can work out the kinks.",2.0
"Food was decent at one time, now food and services are poor and they don't care.  Ignore complaints.",1.0
"We have been coming for many years. Sometimes it can be very quiet. This time we went for the thanksgiving brunch and there were quite a lot of ppl! Juices and tea/coffe included. Delish food! Fresh seafood including lobsters crab legs oysters. No sashimi though. Special thanksgiving mains including turkey....so juicy...how do they make it so juicy...I ate a ton of that. Desserts were a bit weak but I didn't have room left anyways. Miss the pasta station though, it was one of my fave parts of the buffet. Free parking. Had a lovely time here, was so stuffed though.",4.0
"Just drove from San Francisco to Los Angeles, and then to Las Vegas, on business, and noticed a slight vibration in the steering wheel while I was traveling above 70 mph.  I brought my car to Liberty, expecting to have my tires rebalanced, and possibly aligned, but the gentleman there, after examining my tires and taking my car for a test run, told me that I just needed new tires, but it wasn't an emergency and I could safely drive back to Los Angeles, and then San Francisco.  They charged me nothing for their time and expertise. I had a five-star experience, and highly recommend this business.  In case you guys at Liberty read this - thanks again, so much, for your generous help.",5.0
"Large location, but when we went on weekend lunch was deserted. Feels like the location was meant to be for another restaurant, with fish tanks unused and brick walls. Service was slow and generally uninterested in my group. Food was mediocre, large portion, but didn't finish.",2.0
"This place is just so average... Really.  I guess in this area it must be considered good. The food is better quality than bar food. I give them credit for that. The drinks are not as good.  I honestly have not been able to find a drink I like there. The drink selection is not good. I wish I could say it's different. 

Last week we carried out lunch... Yuck!  My salad was wilted an I could not eat most of it because the lettuce was bad.  For real... You have to try to mess up a salad. Fresh lettuce is the first and most important ingredient.",2.0
"This is my go-to place for a chocolate gelato fix -- decadent!!  As a FH resident, I haven't found many eateries I would miss if I moved, but this is one that I would try to travel back to.  They make custom cakes, as well, and I can't wait for an opportunity to order one.  Maybe Halloween inspired cupcakes?",5.0
"This is such a hidden Ahwatukee gem! We love this place. Good family friendly atmosphere, good pizza and the best spinach salad you will ever eat! Prices are good and ridiculously good for salads. This is a must try!",5.0
"I can't really really tell you about the food because I only got a glass of water with extra lemon. Roof top dining (selling point) wasn't available because there wasn't enough server help on duty at 2pm. OK, I can except that. I joked with the hostess that she could be out server. She declined, and understandably so she was the hostess. Another nice young lady came out, my order wasn't ready to be taken but she did bring me water and explained that the server would be over shortly.  Someone came in, retrieved some boxes from the rooftop then proceeded to help another party that arrived after I did. Unfortunately, 22 minutes after I had arrived and picked all of the seeds out of my lemons. I decided to try 131 Main and their covered outdoor seating where Robby was very attentive and knowledgeable about the delicious fish tacos and club with hand-cut fries and malted vinegar",1.0
"What a let down... 
- we have a coupon book and tried to use the coupon which was  buy one entree get one free. When I showed the coupon to the server, he stated that there is no way that they will honor those and didn't even acknowledge that  it was for his company. 
If you see any coupons or advertisements for India Garden on Dysart - beware that they do not honor them.",1.0
Too expensive. Food is ok. Not the best. Not the worst. Salads are fresh but again it is just too expensive for what you get. Not a bargain.,3.0
"My boyfriend and I just stumbled upon this place tonight and we enjoyed it so much I felt compelled to review.  The food was delicious, fresh, and filling! The staff was great, along with the atmosphere.  Definitely would go back again! Also, for vegans, or gluten free, etc. it is easily specified what it contains as far as allergies on the menu. No matter what your needs, Flo's has many options for all which makes choosing a great dish for everyone fun and easy- just wonderful :)",5.0
"Good neighborhood bakery. We usually get the cranberry walnut bread for breakfast and their French baguette for savory food. Their butter croissants are amazingly perfect and on par with the ones in Europe! I love that the prices are reasonable, which makes it affordable to shop here even for students.",4.0
The Line of Tequilas are BOGUS and Cantina 1511 on Rea Rd completely serves WATERED DOWN MARGARITAS. I ordered the flight for $20 and the supposedly top shelf Los 1511 tasted like straight lime juice. I'm a small female and drank all three margaritas in less than an hour and had ZERO BUZZ. My female friend had two Margarita 1800 and felt nothing. She even requested more alcohol on her second and it was obvious there tequila is water. Marco Polo taco was the only thing good.,1.0
"It is nice to have a pet supply place in the neighborhood.  Reasonable prices, good selection of items, some of which are difficult to find.  Good addition to the shopping in the Cedar/Warrensville area.",3.0
"I went here with my husband after hearing from others that the food is great. We didn't have service issues whatsoever and if anything our server was amazing. Guiding us through the different ingredients, making suggestions and finding the right balance between being attentive and giving us space.

As for the food here is what we ordered. We shared the guac and chips, both got tortilla soup, I ordered the tuna and octopus taco and he order the chicken burrito.

The guac is the tha bomb. I couldnt get enough of it, although its very expensive, 8 bucks for a small mini dish and 15 for a larger dish. 

The tortilla soup, wasn't the tortilla soup I expected because I remember it being a clear broth and not spicy. They was like a chipotle puree and SPICEY! The server warned it was hot and boy was she right. I put some of the guac in my soup to cool it down. I dont think I would order this again just because it wasn't the tortilla soup I was looking for.

My husband LOOOOVED his burrito. He said its the best burrito, wrap, sandwich he has ever had. He could only eat half and we took the other half home.

My tacos, the tacos are considered appetizers but I was pretty full for some reason even though I arrived at the restaurant hungry. Thank goodness I didnt order two sets of tacos as I originally intended. Like I said I ordered the octopus and tuna taco. It was spicy and bursting with flavour. I only managed to eat one of my two tacos and took the other one home. I will try the other tacos next time just for variety but this was excellent.

The key points about this place is the food is crazy fresh, and their dishes are all bursting with flavour. We now have a new go to place for good food.",5.0
This spot was our savior during our stay at the Venetian.  Service was good and the food was good as well.  Killer salad dressing made from scratch and the pizza and pasta we ate was delicious.  I would come back even if I weren't staying at the Venetian!,4.0
"Food was just mediocre especially for the price.  I had the lemon chicken BLT and it just seemed bland, nothing special. My son had the kids Mac and cheese and he couldn't even eat more than a bite. I tried it and it was tasteless.  We won't be going back.",2.0
"Lisa and team do such a fantastic job on my nails!!  I won't go anywhere else!!  My gel lasts over two weeks and they have a great selection of colors. Plus, I always have a blast while getting my nails done!!",5.0
I ordered the whitefish dumpling with lobster sauce.  It was a wonderful surprise.  The dumpling was light and fluffy and just melted in your mouth.  The lobster sauce was rich and delicious without being too rich.  I will definitely be back.,5.0
Their chips and queso with chorizo are the best I have ever had! Their Bakersfield Margarita is also one of the best margaritas I've ever had. The atmosphere of the upstairs and downstairs bar are very cool and unique. They play old western movies on the TVs too!,5.0
"What a TERRIBLE experience!! DO NOT rent here!! First of all, they say they are at the main car rental area but NO.. So you have to take a 15 min plus ride to the main area and THEN you have to get another shuttle to a second location. That location is 15 min further away!! So when you finally arrive you are greeted by an insane line and only three people are helping customers. Not to mention it takes 10 min per person as they attempt to upsell the customer to the next car category. So finally you think your done right?? WRONG!! You take your paper and go to the lot guy and ask him which car is yours? His reply?? There was none!! He just walked off!! 3 min later he wonders back and oops they don't have my reserved car type so I can have that lower model instead. By this point I don't care, because I can see another line to drive your car off the lot. All told?? I arrived at 10am and drove off the lot at 11:30!!!
 It was just as incompetent on the return. No one was there to receive the car on my return and when I finally found a guy he signed my paper and sent me to the damn inside to ""cash out"" with the cashier. This was another 10 person line. Not to mention the two shuttles in reverse. I have NEVER had such a bad car rental experience and I will NEVER use this company again.",1.0
"Steve, great job today on my wife's Prius! I pulled into the garage and my first thought, you're a magician. Thank you for making her new car new again! I will definitely let my friends know about you.",5.0
"Jump on the Triple B if you haven't already (Breakfast Buzz Bandwaggon). You have literally no excuse not to (they have a Vegan Buzz as well) unless you're allergic to delicious. 

You can't go wrong with a California Club either. It's yummy and filling. 

Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is their website is outdated in my opinion. I wish it provided more nutritional information beyond the ingredients.",4.0
"I took my car in to get fixed after my car was rear ended. I worked with Denae, the front desk associate. She was SO AWESOME! She always responded with, ""My pleasure"" and ""I'd be happy to"". She was so helpful, warm and kind. I told her I didn't know if I could make it by closing and she offered to stay later!? So sweet!! Also, they handled everything with the rental car and insurance. My car looks awesome and my experience here was great, I would HIGHLY recommend them!",5.0
Exceptionally pleased with the entire experience! John and his team were able to quickly diagnose the problem which was nothing- contrary to the error report given to me!,5.0
"It looks a little ghetto from the outside, but the staff was very friendly, helpful and knew what they were talking about. We went in as travelers to the area, looking for a local brew, and they were able to help us find exactly what we were looking for.",4.0
"I usually hope that I never have any Starbucks cravings while I'm here because both spots in the mall are by far the crappiest service ever. The barista making drinks gets mad at you if you ask for whipped cream on your drink because the one taking orders didn't mark it on your cup. Overall, each time I've been there it's always sour attitudes morning and night. Not to mention, they are really slow even when there is no line. If you're lucky, you might get that one new person who's smiley and provide great service but the rest are dreadful.",1.0
"You think a girl who lived in LA would have gone to a PF Changs, but I thought how good could a large chain joint be? When my boss took me here it was really nice looking but I hate places that are too dimly lit so we sat outside. It was nice because we were the only ones in the section. Literally my only complaint could be that the food took too long. It could be, but it won't be. Because when it was taking too long the waiter brought us a free appetizer, a delicious vegetarian lettuce wrap. Then they offered us a free dessert of our choice. I had ordered the chicken sate because that's what I get from everywhere. The chicken was so delicious but the peanut sauce was the best I have ever tasted, nothing else has even come close! I was licking the bowl and wishing it was twice as big. The only thing that I was disappointed by was every time I get this it comes with a cucumber salad and this one came with a regular tiny salad. It's a little pricey but we more than made up for it in free food and even without it it would have been worth it.",5.0
"Unfortunately most people are right on their review of this shop. I'm not sure why but it seems like a lot of shops at miracle mile are lacking inventory. This H&M has nothing on their other store that's just a mile and a half away at the big outdoor mall so save yourself the hassle and just go to that other mall, you'll find more and if it's a good day outside you'll have a better time anyway.",2.0
"We've been back to this place on other occasions and each time the service has top notch. The food is delicious, try the fish and chips or the shepherds pie, love them both. It's always a great time at the Sibin.",5.0
I'm no expert when it comes to italian ice but wow I really enjoyed their gelati. I thought it was really delicious and had no problem paying a little under 5 bucks for a large. Now whenever I have a sweet tooth I instantly know this is the place to go.,5.0
"This week was my 5th visit to this dealership for the same car alarm problem I have with my 2009 Traverse. It was great to drive it off their lot for the 5th time assured it was fixed and have it right back to you and me in a rental again no less than 2 hours later for the same Problem. Oh I also love the fact that it has had a multitude of other issues as well including faulty heated /cooled seats, fault airbag sensor, an oil leak in the engine, tire pressure system issues. They have had my car in there more than a month fixing various problems all stemmimg from an after market alarm that you installed. Even better I didnt need the after market alarm because there was already a factory installed alarm in the car that they didnt bother to mention.  If you bought a Chevy Traverse or Equinox from these people and you paid for an alarm that you may have thought was factory, please call them and inquire if you already had a factory installed alarm and if so demand its removal and a full refund before you expereince a range of electral and alarm issues. If you are about to buy one go to another dealership.",1.0
"This is a contender for best meal I've ever had.  Rick Moonen, I love you.

I did eat at RM Upstairs, and I did do the tasting menu, which is the best of the best they offer, but even the caviar taramasalata they bring with the bread is one of the best things I've ever put on a piece of bread.  

The vanilla spearmint oysters, the white gazpacho.... I think about these things on an almost daily basis.  I was absolutely blown away by the thought that goes into flavoring these dishes, and how sophisticated the person's palate is that conceived of these.  

Best part: After relishing the Chocolate Car Bomb desert, we were craving the real thing, and our wine server brought us an ACTUAL Irish Car Bomb.  Any high end restaurant that will serve you an Irish Car Bomb on a tray gets my vote.

Next time I desperately want to try the sushi bar downstairs. Until next time, Mr. Moonen.",5.0
"This review is specifically about the general manager and I believe owner Gustavo. I did not have my car worked on here but it did get towed there after getting totaled on the freeway, gus was an absolute lifesaver, I'd never been involved in such a bad accident before and had literally 0 idea of what to do, he helped us get home and his hospitality was immense! 
If you're looking to deal with someone that's a genuine good person he's your guy all the way!",5.0
"Two restaurants Paradise (Panera) and Copper Plate both of which need more seating so one can sit down and enjoy their meal. Couldn't connect wifi, gave a message that it's not secure and would not connect. This is an hour from Phoenix, should call it Mesa not Phoenix Mesa, this is misleading.",4.0
"this is my original native.  it may be THE original native, but it's close to me so it's mine. anyway.  i love the relaxed vibe the constant stream of sport themed television, and of course the food and drink.  great flavors on the wings, i try them all.  .39 tues. and thurs. wings.  i like the strippers (boneless wings fyi) by the pound, or half pound.  you can get rowdy outside on the smokers patio.... or relax with the eclectic  vibe of the patrons inside.  sometimes parking can be @ a premium but you can always just park across the street and walk over.  all in all, native is a great place to hang out...drink a few adult beverages and dive into some tasty wings (or strippers) ....",3.0
"Vision Center Review ...
After shopping around and comparing prices at different stores I decided to purchase lenses for my current frames at Walmart. While comparing prices I was told at Walmart that they could put the medium weight lenses in my frames for $60 with a $10 fee for doing so. So I returned a few days later and the associate that helped me this time told me I could not put lenses in my frame because whoever fitted the lenses to the frame bent the frame and it would probably break. (They were from Walmart by the way) So instead I purchased some cheap frames and what I thought was the medium weight lenses. I have extremely bad eye sight and most companies will not sell me the thickest  lenses because I would not be able to see correctly with them and they would be very heavy and not fit in most frames. So I return two weeks later to pick up my new glasses and I have the heaviest thickest lenses in my new wire rim frames! I use to work at an eye doctor selling frames; thick lenses will not stay in wire rim frames! I told this sales associate that this is not what I ordered, I wanted to purchase the medium weight lenses, and that the other associates told me they were $60, She told me they were not they were $140, well before I was told the thinnest lenses were $140. Instead of correcting the order, having me pay the difference, and sending my glasses back to get them fixed she argues with me until I just give up and tell her to return them. I am not taking glasses that I would not be able to see out of, or that are going to break just because she cannot understand that the other sales  associate filled out the form incorrectly and was too busy answering phones and talking about cat's to get my order correct.  My boyfriend was with me when I purchased the glasses and he confirmed that he thought I was ordering the medium weight lenses as well, the problem was this woman did not know what she was selling or how to place an order. Now my eye glass prescription is expired and I have no glasses. I have been getting glasses for 23 years and this is the only time in my life this has happened to me. Worst experience I have ever had! Never go to the Vision Center in Medina go to Strongsville or something instead!",1.0
"Yummy nachos!!!!! i ordered the volcano nachos and when it came out all i could say was wow they were huge. My boyfriend and i couldn't even eat half of it, and we love to eat. We ended up taking the rest home and i couldn't even close the box it was so full. My boyfriend ordered the mushroom burger (we didn't know the nachos would be so big) it was pretty average burger. 
The service was great. If you don't like to be bother while you eat i don't recommend this place. There's loud music, guys and girls on stilts walking around making balloon animals, women in bikinis walking around trying to get you to donate to Save The Tatas, and a girl sliding down into a big margarita. Overall i had fun food was alright at best but the nachos are amazing. Of course they had really good margaritas...",4.0
Went here on a Monday afternoon so the place was quiet and didn't have to wait long for our orderes.  Had possibly the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. We also ordered the fried chicken and waffles which were also amazing. I'd definitely recommend trying Old School.,4.0
"The Coney Island Emporium is a nice airy arcade up a floor from the main level of the New York-New York.  It has traditional manned carnival games, such as the ring toss.  In addition to the arcade games there are photo booths and other amusements.  There are plenty of change machines scattered throughout.  This is also where the entrance to the roller coaster is.  Serious gamers may prefer Gameworks (http://www.yelp.com/biz/Z3owSx_4NJerX08DO5FOtA) across the street.",4.0
"And the award for official greasy spoon of Vegas goes to: Tiffany's in downtown Vegas.  

Why?  Because it's hard to find a true greasy spoon diner in Las Vegas.  Sure, there are places all over down that can put eggs on a griddle or serve up a greasy burger, but most are tucked away in a strip mall and few, if any, have a old time soda fountain counter for patrons to sit at.

The waitstaff is awesome and attentive.  The burgers aren't the greatest thing you'll ever taste, but remember this is a diner.  For a diner, they are serving up a quality burger with the just the right ratio of grease and cheese blended into the bun.  

If you've got time some morning, take a seat at the counter and have a simple, great breakfast off the griddle.  They do eggs right with some crispy bacon.  Thumbs up.

[Cash only]",4.0
"Very good service. Friendly staff.

I got the Thai and vanilla twist in a cup. The Thai ice cream didn't have as much flavour as kekou gelato. I had a sample of the hojicha ice cream and found that to be delicious. Will be back to try their Asian flavours!

Limited seating. 

Some of their menu limits are made to order so it will take around 15 minutes. I got my soft serve right away.

Accepts credit card.",3.0
"Decided to try this place when Partner was craving something spicy for dinner. I had only ever had Tibetan cuisine once before, at another restaurant on the same strip, and had loved it. This place was amazing: small enough to be cozy, but not hipsterish enough to be crowded. You can actually hear your conversation partner(s)! 

The hot ""sauce"" (more of a spice mix) on the table was dead serious. Partner said it was ""like voting for Obama and getting Al Sharpton."" Definitely wait for your drink to arrive before tasting it.

I had the crispy cauliflower (a must-try) and veggie momos (delish with sriracha and soy sauce). Partner got something with beef in it, which he loved; however there is a plethora of vegetarian options at this place.

Partner finished with some Tibetan tea, made with butter. He loved it, but I wasn't interested.

Service here was polite and prompt. I'd certainly go again, and bring a friend.

Only caveat is that there is a shrine to the Dalai Lama in one corner, which would make me hesitant to bring a super-religious person here.  That being said, I will certainly come back.",4.0
"Shop and Staff 

   This shop is very well maintained. Both times I have been to the shop I noticed the floors were clean, tables were clean, and the stock was full. Being inside of a busy airport it is nice to see how clean everything feels. I love this place for the food they offer. I have posted a few pictures of the items I buy and they are the best things to eat. Both times now I've seen Nicole Koch. She is very nice, talkative, and respectful. I really enjoy talking to her because she encouraged me to buy the items I got hooked on. If she didn't talk to me or suggest which items to try I never would of known the tasty treats this store has to offer. 

 Food and Experience

   The thing that got me hooked to this place was the fruit, nut, and nougat bars. They are very good. The other things I really enjoy are the sliced meats rolled with cheese. I would have to recommend theses two things although they also have really good chocolate as well. Can't wait till next time.",5.0
"Great bbq, fun atmosphere and reasonable prices.

Bring friends and family. Rudy's is ideal for groups, with loads of menu items ordered by size and a large dining room full of long picnic tables. 

Everyone's certain to leave satisfied and talking about their next visit.",5.0
"Have been to the Rudys in Selma,TX and this location is spot on to the original (except for the gas station). Meats were tender and the Cole slaw was well seasoned. Went near closing so it was not crowded. Would recommend.",4.0
"Our office moved downtown a few years ago and this place is just a block away from University Avenue.  I admit, I enjoy fine food, but I also have a taste for the more pedestrian.  I guess when it comes to Chinese food, I enjoy haute fusion cuisine, but I also have cravings for food drowned in red sweet & sour sauce.  

Hong Shing is closer to the latter.  Their menu will never be confused with the likes of Blowfish.  It's pretty standard stuff, but damn, it's good standard stuff.  I really enjoy their crispy honey beef, shrimp rolls, wonton soup in a great broth and general tao chicken.  I have never enjoyed hot & sour soup until I tasted theirs.  (An influencing factor may have been a severe cold which plugged my nose and taste buds.  But I still love it to this day and my sinuses are clear!!)

What they haven't seem to master yet are noodle dishes.  Their cantonese chow mein is drowned in what looks like placenta.  (Sorry, was that gross?)

If you are not turned off by dining tables with several inches of additiional height from layers of disposable plastic table clothes, you'll enjoy the food.  The staff is mostly friendly with a few curt staff, but I think that's more cultural than anything.  If you see police officers there, don't worry, there's ofent police officers there picking up food.",4.0
"On a vacation to Cleveland from Los Angeles, I was in need of new highlights and touch up color at the roots. I went to see Melanie and she gave me the prettiest highlights that I have ever had. She has an amazing eye. She picked the perfect golden color for me. Then she weaved the highlights in so expertly that nobody has even noticed that I had highlights done at all! This is big for me. Very important. I like that it looks natural. 
She also gave me the exact cut that I asked for, and lots of advice on growing longer and stronger hair. There is no way that I am going back to my LA salon... I feel that I will look and feel better if I just wait until my next trip to Cleveland to get my hair done at Sisu.   
 I like all of the staff that I have met. They all seem to keep up with new styles, and the other customers leave looking good.

You park in the back, and it's next door to J. Pistone's market.",5.0
"Never have I ever been laid... Oh it's Lei'd? Or Lei-yed? I don't know for sure but I like it! 
Bahama Breeze hosted a fantastic event filled with great food, entertainment, and refreshments (by refreshments I mean alcohol!). 
I had the pleasure of sitting next to Bethany E, who I've been virtual friends with since first moving to Vegas and 4 years later I get to sit next to this beauty! Also, the hilarious Des B, Allison B who have been dating since high-school, in case you didn't know... AND the lovely Geselle R. Great company always makes for a better meal.
Now on to the food, a menu and a welcome cocktail were a nice touch. We were all able to follow the menu and prepare for the next dish. 
The appetizers included Jackfruit Tacos, Crab Stack, and Curry Goat. The crab stack was my favorite. Aside from harboring deep love for seafood, mango and corn in the stack made the dish super refreshing and light. The jackfruit tacos were pretty refreshing as well, sweet and surprisingly hearty. The curry goat was yummy as well. It was served over a bed of rice in a cute mug like dish. 
Main Dishes included: Taste of Jamaica, Jamaican Staffed Plantain, Jerk Chicken Pasta. I was honestly full from the appetizers but of course proceeded to try everything due to innate greediness... Ugh, if I only didn't love food so much... 
Anyhoo, The taste of Jamaica included rice, bean, sweet plantains, jerk chicken, pork, and the best empanada ever. It was so freaking delicious. My favorite in the dish were the plantains, pork, and the bomb empanada. 
The stuffed plantain was pretty good as well, I could not dissect exactly what was in it but it was pretty good! It definitely had rice and beans.
The jerk chicken pasta was creamy and a bit spicy. Bow-tie pasta dressed with jerk chicken, mushrooms, asparagus, and cheese - yum!
For desert we were spoiled with Key Lime Pie. Though I was beyond stuffed, I managed to eat more than half... Everyone else seemed to be packing it to go. I however, decided to challenge myself and succeeded! - at being stuffed like a San Diego burrito. 
I also had the pleasure of trying the margarita sampler. Such a great option for those that have difficulty making a choice. It came with Strawberry, Hibiscus, and Tamarind margaritas. Strawberry was my fave.
One of my favorite parts of the evening was finally meeting our new CM. So sweet and (I couldn't help but notice) HOT!! She was the mom of the event, helping clear the tables and checking in with everyone. Thank you for the lovely event Taylor!",5.0
"3 stars for decent massage, great price, and friendly service. My request for appointment was accommodated without a hitch so that surely made me happy . 

Just a tip, always let them know your preferred pressure because with reflexology they apply some really deep intense pressure and it usually hurts. To some peeps it's hard to recover from and they end up feeling beat up. So speak up and enjoy!",3.0
"Dr. B is the bizness!  Super modern, advanced and clean facility....they are all well trained and very friendly and knowledgable.  I'm switching to this group (Dr. B) for the life of my little Rat Terrier pup.  Strongly recommend.",5.0
"I don't really understand the hype about this place, maybe super greasy burgers are just not my thing. I think I just ordered the Jr. Cheeseburger, it was like the simplest, smallest, least intimidating thing on the menu, so I figured I would get to enjoy the taste of the high quality, organic beef without the distraction of all the fancy fixings. The beef was super thick and juicy, it's true, but honestly it was like eating 50% beef and 50% oil... hands down greasiest burger I have ever had. By the time I got to the last few bites, my burger was just this squished, compact, solid chunk of beef and bread with grease oozing out of it. I might give this place another try in the future just because some of the other burgers sound really interesting and I am intrigued (foie gras burger... at a hefty $30) but honestly, unless you're planning to order one of their more unique menu items, I wouldn't come into this place with super high expectations; in their purest form their burgers are nothing worth raving about and you might just be let down.",2.0
"One of the best AYCE sushi restaurants in the GTA.  

The restaurant is clean and well-maintained and the washrooms are clean! 
This is a great place for an intimate dinner, family gathering, or even a party.  
The food is fresh and served quickly - just order on your ipad and send!  

I would recommend this restaurant!",4.0
"Hubby and I checked out Asado for brunch on Sunday afternoon.  Weather was perfect to enjoy their comfy patio seating and wait staff was excellent.  What's not to love about $5 create your own bloody marys and GRANDE mimosas???  Thankfully the food itself was great too and extremely reasonable. I had the carne asado omelet with the green chili biscuit on the side (the biscuit itself is worth going back for, nothing less than amazing).  Hubby had habanero benedict which he raved over.  Both were $9.  I was expecting very small portions or sub-par food for the prices, but didn't get either and was very pleasantely surprised.

The restaurant is spacious with a decent size bar with lots of tvs for watching sports.

Very excited to finally have some good food up in the Tatum/Dynamite area.  Long overdue!  And definitely looking forward to bringing some friends to Asado for brunch next time.",4.0
This is a wonderful place to get ribs. Tender and very flavorful. I would definitely suggest you try their food and the staff is friendly and professional.,5.0
"OMG, WOW - Excellent great food and service in a clean causual setting.  No frills, just good food from a friendly greek family.  It appears they all work there.  We had the 3 meat combo(very tender and juicy), Tattosh Salad(simple and fresh) and Lentil soup(wonderful unique Mediterranean seasoning).   These were enough to share for two.  As well, they have several Gyro/sandwich, fries, & drink combo's for 7.99.  While eating there, it was obvoius that they have a lot of return business.",5.0
"I cant recommend this place to anyone since the food is prepared by amateur cooks who dont mind serving leftovers for the next day nor are they very aware and acquanited with food safety handling regulations. The thing that caused a friend of mine to get food poising and diahrrea after ordering a kefta sandwitch. 
Not ordering from there again! And we reallly missed the previous owner 'Salems halal' who moved to the strip district.",1.0
"This is my second visit to this Autozone location and I'm unimpressed and disappointed.

It's probably nice for those in the neighborhood to have bilingual cashiers. However this also made it extremely difficult to understand what their recommendations were.

I came in for advice on a battery for a car FOB and to ask about replacing the shell for my custom auto-start device. I waited in line behind two other customers at the only open register. Another customer waited behind me. The cashier greeted each of us and replied he would help us shortly.

I'm patient and understand they're understaffed. However, it was upsetting when the other cashier appears and instead of helping me, now clearly the next customer in line) he helps a man standing closer to him. I felt disrespected as both a customer and woman.

The cashier's line I was in even apologized and tried to explain that I was next to his colleague. I guess cashier number 2 didn't care bc he never even glanced over at me. 

Either way, cashier #1 couldn't understand what exactly I was asking and by the time I explained, I realized I needed to go to the experts. 

I don't think I will ever return to this location because my previous experience involved being ignored for long periods of time as well.",2.0
"Great customer service! I am now taking care of my mother and the young women(Yolanda and Brianna) at scottsdale medical were so helpful and knew what they were talking about! They helped me find the perfect transport wheelchair that was super light, diapers, adjustable commode and much more. The store is conveniently located right by Shea and the loop 101. This store is definitely going to be where I go for all of my medical needs! Highly recommend!!",5.0
"Okay, the positives: friendly smiles, love the family and food is okay. I give this restaurant a extra star because it has been our fast food joint for years. We mainly order their beef dishes and they're generous with the spices and vegetables. Juicy as my husband says. 
The negatives: egg rolls are just awful. They seem to have lost their touch on the flavor. 
Sweet and sour chicken was also awful. Ordered it for the first time and just plain soggy and not crunchy like it should be.",3.0
"Not only does this place have all the stuff a single person or couple would be looking for to feel sexy, the staff is amazingly friendly and knowledgeable. They make something that's usually represented as seedy and make it truly fun!

I know where I'll be going for all my fun times supplies!",5.0
"I've lived in the area for quite some time now but never made it in to this restaurant until just last week.  I had not idea what I was missing!  The food is absolutely delicious.

Try the Chilli Paneer (dry) as a specialty appetizer - it was just amazing.  We went with an Asian palatte rather than Indian, and they suggest its better not to mix the two flavours but you can if you want to.  And all the dishes were so good.

And don't forget about dessert.  I'm not a fan of chocolate cate, normally..  but we had some kind of chocolate fudge with ice cream that was so soft and tasty I couldn't get enough.

Hands down, I will be going back here and regularly.  The quality is top notch, the service is great, and most importantly the food is just incredible.  If you have not been here, give it a try you won't regret it.

Next time, I'll have Indian... :) mmmmmm",5.0
Underwhelming. steak was so-so and over priced. The steak was served Lukewarm . It's flavor was simple. I went right at 5:00 so I wonder if this had anything to do with it. The service was excellent though.,2.0
"This is my favorite spot to have lunch, by far!  Everything we have ordered is fresh and tastes great.  The burgers are fantastic.  I'm not sure, but I think they use a blend of different cuts of meat and I think even a little pork.  The flavor of the meat is just too good to be regular hamburger alone.  Even the chicken fingers are worth getting every time you go.  There is nothing frozen about anything we have ordered there.  The one thing I can say negative is that it does tend to take a little longer to get our food than other places, but I can honestly say that it is well worth the wait because we know that it will be great.  If it takes a couple of minutes longer to make a great burger, then I am all for it!  I know the place doesn't look like much on the outside, but they have done a great job of decorating and making it look and feel like a great place to hang out on the inside.  It is extremely clean on the inside....I am really picky about that.  Everyone I I take there is pleasantly surprised, when they walk through the door. They have a pool table, shuffleboard, TV's to watch the game, and I believe video slots at the bar (I don't gamble, so I can't say I know for 100% sure).  The staff is always pleasant, and the service is always great.  If this is anywhere near you, I can honestly say you won't be disappointed!",5.0
"I rented a H-D Road King without a reservation for a 24 hr period. I cannot speak to purchasing, financing, or any other details other than customer service and rental quality. They were slammed with customers and working their tails off to get everyone on their way. I had to wait a bit but I got a nice clean and safe bike. Let's face it: Harley's are big $$$$ so I gladly pay the daily rental fee to try out their wide selection. Lots of apparel for sale, large location (I saw one location out of a small warehouse in Nor Cal.) May I suggest opening another location - seems the demand favors it!",5.0
"friendly & fast customer service! 
my favorite thing to order are their yakisoba bowls, 
the steak and shrimp are cooked to perfection based on your preference (: 
i will definitely be going back here with my friends and family
also, the best part is that the food is HEALTHY !",5.0
"We've been back a couple more times, the food has been hit or miss, but the service has really gone down hill. They perpetually have a Groupon offer, but after the last time we went, the group decided it wasn't worth the prices, even with the Groupon.",2.0
"I have to say, this place is so convenient and has great customer service.  I've now stopped in twice and was helped out immediately. Which includes helping me lift my 65lb bike in and out of my car.  I have my own bike, but the rented bikes appear to be in good condition, and based on the service I received I would believe that they are well maintained.  They also carry a wide variety of accessories for your bike that are reasonably priced and fashionable.  

This is definitely my new go-to stop for beach cruiser maintenance and bling!",5.0
"Imagine the worst experience ever, these guys are that x10. Doing drugs on the job, check. Breaking my stuff, check. Doing an awful job, check. Had to ask them to leave. The following day the cleaner somehow found out where I work and started calling my office dozens of times. They showed up 6 hours late, and up charged me 3x the voucher cost. 2 days before Christmas no less. If you've worked the jokers and had a similar experience please post a review. This type of business is unacceptable.",1.0
"I would rate this place a 5, but it gets pretty noisy. It was difficult to hold a conversation with my date. But, when my entree was served, I no longer cared. I ordered the slow-roasted maple duck (or something like that) and every bite was more and more delicious (dare I say orgasmic?). I savored that bird, piece by piece. My date had the ahi tuna. It was good, but it didn't compare to the duck - which was the first time I had ever tried such an entree - sprinkled with fresh peppercorns!

I'd like to go back soon. I've had duck other places, but it just doesn't compare. Would I order anything else if I went? Probably not. The duck was JUST that spectacular.",4.0
"I recently bought a used vehicle. Lee Bommer was instrumental in helping me and did a bang up job. If I hadn't had to use the maintenance service I would have given the dealership 5 stars. As it was, I lost 5 days of travel time waiting for a part that I was told had been ordered that never seemed to have arrived. The vaunted 124 point check system somehow missed a bad battery, causing me to have to jump start the car two days in a row and the check engine light to come on the next day. Needless to say, I took the car back and had them fix before driving a long distance. Then once I had completed the long distance drive, the check engine light came on again. Good thing I purchased an extended warranty on the vehicle. I pray now that I haven't gotten a lemon.",3.0
Spencer is a top professional and ensured a great evening with smooth VIP access! No lines! Will be hitting this up again when my girls and I go back in the fall! I highly recommend booking your evening with them.,5.0
"We gave the place a try on a Friday night, early.  It was still Happy Hour, but a goofs time to bring in a toddler.  It's a noisy place, with hard surfaces abounding ... But we view that as a plus with a toddler; they tend to do better in noisy places!  Service was very attentive, very efficient, and QUICK!  We had a very short wait for our apps, and the dinner came soon thereafter.

And the food was quite good.  We started off with onion rings, which were very lightly battered, tasted a bit like panko.  Very nicely done, especially with the bourbon honey mustard dipping sauce.  My wife had the Kentuckyaki Burger, which she enjoyed.  The meat was high-quality, the grilled pineapple was fresh (not canned), and the burger was cooked to perfection.  Her only complaint was the sauce ... She felt the burger could have more on it, rather than just a very small dollop.  She had the sweet potato croquettes as a side dish, which were tasty, but we both thought they'd be better if they were smaller.  I had the Pepper Pollo burger, which was made out of ground chicken.  I thoroughly enjoyed it, and it was moist and full of flavor.  No complaints, not even room for improvement, because it was really tasty!  I had the french fries with it, which were good.  I confess we didn't have any apple pie dessert, as we were stuffed ... But my toddler enjoyed a cupcake, which was pretty darned good.

Prices weren't too bad for the quality and quantity of food ... My most major complaint was the fact that there's no real Kid's menu. Other than they'll make some mini-burgers and they have ""chicken strips"" which is actually a chicken patty that they slice into strips.  But I will say in their favor that it WAS really good chicken.

Add all this up with a warm and stylish interior and a prime location in Downtown Lakewood, and it's a recipe for success, and a nice addition to Lakewood's array of eateries.",4.0
bring back the red velvet oreo shake! :( can't find it anywhere else and if was seriously amazing!,3.0
"I ordered the crispy pata. Pancit, menudo, thai tea and coke drink. Then a separate order of flan (dessert) to go. Majority of the main dishes come with one scoop of rice.  The crispy pata; my mother and I did enjoy as well as the pancit. It was pretty good. But we both agreed that the menudo was weird tasting and didn't like it at all. The rice wasn't soft... It was really hard! Why?? The flan was for my boyfriend (who's cuban) in his opinion... He loves it. 

All in all, the food was good except for the menudo. But beware the service is horrible. There are people waiting a long time at the door to be seated because no one pays any attention to them and I was one of them. I do admit I didn't leave a tip only because I had no cash on me. I normally use my debit card to leave a tip with my whole order but they don't do that? Weird policy! All the waitresses are pretty nice and sweet. I'm just don't like the owner who is so rude to her own employees. The owner by the way... Owns Asian market. If you haven't gone there yet... Check out the business on yelp! Bad reviews.",2.0
"Last year, I rode my vintage bike all summer but didn't learn much about bike maintenance - then my trusty steed's chain broke last fall and I didn't bother fixing it before I put it away for the winter. Now, with daylight extending past work hours and the layers being shed, I was eager to get back on my ride.

I headed to Bike Pirates yesterday, as I wanted to actually learn how to give my bike a little TLC. The volunteers were wonderful - Andy met me at the door and helped me load my bike onto a rack, then directed me as the best way to start fixing up my jalopy. This is a community bike space, so there are tools and parts available for everyone to use. Everything is clearly labeled and any time I had questions, all of the volunteers were eager to help me out.

My bike's issues were a little more extensive than I'd originally thought, and I ended up learning about the mechanisms of my bike and how to adjust the back wheel. Any time that I had any questions, there was someone experienced there to help me out - Lisa and Andy gave me great advice, and made me feel totally capable of handling my repairs myself. Two hours later, with some greasy nails, I pedaled my way home with a great sense of satisfaction and gratitude for the awesome crew.

This place has used and new parts available - I bought a new bike chain for $10 - and the spaces operates on donations, which I was more than happy to give. The vibe was friendly and fun - someone cooked a vegan lunch around 5 and everyone (not just the volunteers) was invited to join.

I'm sorry to hear the original reviewer felt discriminated against when he stopped by to pick up an item on Women and Trans-Only day. I researched their site beforehand and was encouraged by the fact they had a day set aside - I think the intention is to make the space feel safe and welcoming to everyone, and those groups can feel intimidated by traditional bike culture. I know I was certainly more inclined to go because it was a W&T Only day, and I saw a sign out front advertising the designation and asking people to respect it. Bike Pirates is open another 4 days of the week when all are welcome.",4.0
"My boyfriend and I visited Arizona from Texas this weekend. We decided to hit up Zipps Saturday evening thinking it'd be the best place to catch both of our college football games (Texas A&M and ASU) since they have about a bajillion TVs. We sat at the bar for several hours, had several drinks each, buffalo wings, and a large pepperoni pizza. 

Pros: The food was pretty good. The wings were crisp but also extremely saucy. The pizza was fresh and hit the spot. Their margs were also pretty tasty. Most importantly, the TV situation here doesn't even kinda suck. There's a good size television every couple feet, which makes for optimal sports watching. And I'm not going to lie, I was pretty impressed when the 9 TVs merged into 1 giant screen when the ASU game started. I don't care who you are, that's cool! 

Cons: The service was less than acceptable. From our very first greeting, we were just appalled with the attitude of our bartender. She was extremely short with us, and just plain rude. And it didn't stop with her. Every bartender after her also had the same kind of unpleasant disposition. It's like one of them caught a severe and extremely contagious case of Resting B*tch Face and then infected the whole bunch. It got to a point where everyone around us was also talking about how they didn't appreciate the way they were being treated. 

Having lots of TVs is cool. Having decent food is also cool. But being treated with respect as a paying customer is the coolest. And in my opinion, it's the customer service that makes or breaks a place.",2.0
"This was on 5/31/2016
Went to get a car wash here and left really upset and unhappy with the attitude of the person in charge there. He wasn't rude, just extremely useless and didn't seem to care to help me. Apparently there is a brush in front of the vacuum stations that you use yourself to clean bugs off the front of your vehicle when you're purchasing the 2 cheaper car washes because purchasing those doesn't include cleaning of your grill. I learned this after paying and going through the wash.
I went through, washed my nice truck and went to start vacuuming and drying it off. Well I got to the front and noticed it was really still dirty. I went to talk to the guy in charge and that's when I learned what those brushes are there for in front of the vacuums. I told him I did not know this and if I could clean it up and go through the wash again or have some one clean it after and he firmly said, NO. Nothing I can do about it.
I walked back to my truck, brushed off the bugs, got in my truck and left. The guy that does the full service looked at my truck and was the one that had advised me to talk to the guy in charge because the cheaper washes don't include the cleaning of the front grill. Any way he noticed how my truck looked when I left and looked disappointed the guy in charge allowed me to leave with my truck looking like crap out of the car wash, their car wash. I took pictures before I left their facility and after I got home literally right on the other side of the 51, less than 2 minutes away. I had to wash the entire front of my truck when I got home again.
All things considered the guy in charge looked like he was already upset and so that did not help my case by the time I got to him, although that should not have affected my care as a paid customer. Good thing there are 2 others not far from here, maybe they will appreciate customers more.

That was just my last visit. The visit before that one of the guys came up to my vehicle as I was choosing my wash and with out me asking for help he started selecting the wash for me. He had selected the $10 wash which I did not want and so I told him hey, that's not what I want and I just went over his hand and backed up the selection myself and choose the cheaper one. The guy just turned around and walked away, I did not see him there this time but that is extremely rude to walk up to a customer and start making selections while mumbling some thing out. Very rude.
If you're going to NOT be present to run your business make sure you train your employees on what customer service is all about.",1.0
"The human toast waving at me on the corner of Rea Road and Williams Pond Road lured me in during lunch time and boy am I glad he/she did. A friend and I went during our lunch break an we were immediately greeted by a smiling host who allowed us to choose where we wanted to sit. As we sat down within seconds our waiter came and took our drink order and provided us with menus. My friend and I took one look at the specials menu for the day and knew instantly what we wanted. She ordered the chicken salad with strawberries, pears, almonds, brie, and other goodies and I ordered the crab salad rolls. The food was so delicious we hardly spoke. After our meal ended we were paid a visit by the manager who asked how our meal was. Our response, ""fantastic!"". 

I'd like to come back with my family and try their breakfast.",4.0
"Selection was good but customer service was horrible. I stood at the checkout with clothes in hand for ten minutes before anyone came over to check me out. When someone finally did come over, I was very quickly passed off to another associate. This second associate answered three phone calls before beginning to ring me out. Each phone call required her to leave the register area and check something on the sales floor. Meanwhile, I'm still standing at checkout just waiting to pay. It took twenty minutes to pay for my five items and leave. For better customer service, I recommend going to the Santan Village location.",2.0
My wife and I stopped by for our first visit.  Wow is this place great.  We were met with a welcome as soon as  we stepped through the door.  We had the Reuben  and it was great.  We were impressed with the food and the service.  Being newbies we were given a free cookie!  The manager brought us some of their BBQ beef to try after our meal.  They roast the beef every day on site.  This place is great.  We will be back soon.,4.0
This is one of my families favorite places to go! The chicken parm is amazing and my kids LOVE the broaster chicken. It has a wonderful family atmosphere and the service is great. Make sure you save room for desert because you don't want to miss out on the passion cookie!!!! AMAZING!!,5.0
"After consulting Yelp before visiting, I expected the prices at this Harris Teeter to be much higher than the other locations.  I was quite surprised to find that all the specials and daily low priced items like eggs and peanuts and HT brand cereal are no different than any of the other locations.  HT is not a cheap grocery store, but if you look for sale items you can find plenty of good deals.  I never buy the regularly priced items anyways so I haven't noticed any difference at least.

The location is superb, I can get my groceries via walking or bike, which is something that is certainly rare in Charlotte.  I wish it was open later than 11pm since I don't get out of work until 10pm though.

One problem is that because this store occupies a smaller footprint, there are some items that are conspicuously missing.  I just wish they had the knock-off HT brand of Kashi cereals here!",4.0
"Because the nail shop next door was super busy, my family decided to wait for me in the car. Once I finished, I got in the car and they quickly started telling me that we should go here for lunch, because they are busy. They said there was a lot of foot traffic and people were ordering food for delivery, because they've seen 3 delivery guys come and go over the last half hour. Knowing that I Yelp, they told me to check and see what people are saying about it, so I did and noticed a few recent one star reviews. Now for the record, I take some one star reviews with a grain of salt, especially those where this is their one and only review or you look at their profile and notice that they have written 20 one and two star reviews.

So anyway, we went in thinking it was set up buffet-style and we'd pick our goodies through the glass case and go, but nope! You go in, order, they cook it, and then you have the choice of eating there or taking it to go. They have a menu that is full of all kinds of dishes! 

For appetizers, you can choose from 12 different choices, from Pork Egg Rolls ($1.50 for 1), Cream Cheese with Crab Wontons ($4.95 for 6) and BBQ Boneless Spare Ribs ($6.25), Beef Teriyaki Sticks ($5.95 for 5), or Pan Fried or Steamed Dumplings ($5.95 for 9). They even have the Pu Pu Platter, which is a combination of several appetizers ($9.95 and enough for 2 people).

They have soups like Vegetable with Tofu ($4.75 for a qt.) and Wonton Soup (pt. $2.95/qt. $4.75). Chop Suey, which is like Chow Mein Noodles comes in six different choices, including chicken, vegetable, and shrimp. The Fried Rice, Lo Mein, Chow Fun, Pad Thai, and Egg Foo Young all come in similar choices. There are several chicken dishes, from Kung Pao Chicken, Curry Chicken, and Salt and Pepper Wings to Lemon Chicken and Chicken with Garlic Sauce. There are also several beef and shrimp dishes available. 

Chopsticks also has 12 different Chef's Special dishes, including Orange Beef ($9.75), Pineapple Crispy Shrimp ($11.25), Honey Walnut Shrimp ($11.95), and something called the Dragon and Phoenix (shrimp w/chili sauce on one side and General Tso's chicken on the other $10.75). They also offer several healthy options and can cater to vegetarian diets. They can alter any dish to make it mild or more than the normal spicy. You just tell them what you want.

They serve family dinners that come with soup, several appetizer options and two full entres (Option A $24.90 and Option B $28.90). They also offer party trays for very reasonable prices and have a menu of 20 different Combination Plates, which come with chicken fried rice and a spring roll. The choices include everything from Orange Chicken ($7.25), Pepper Steak w/onion ($7.55), and Sweet & Sour Pork (7.25) to Shrimp w/lobster sauce (7.95), General Tso's Chicken (7.25), and Shrimp Lo Mein ($7.95). I was also glad to see that they have a good sized menu of Lunch Specials that run daily, not just Monday through Friday! These specials are available from opening until 4pm Monday through Sunday. There are 21 choices ranging from $6.25 to $7.95.

We ordered three combination plates; the Sweet and Sour Pork, Broccoli and Beef, and Kung Pao Chicken. The servings were large and more than enough! We each tried the others dish and all of them were delicious. I like that the Sweet and Sour Pork had the sauce on the side. I don't know if they put it on there for those who sit and eat, but I appreciate it being on the side for to-go orders, so that it's not soggy by the time you eat it. The Broccoli and Beef were so flavorful and tender and I loved that there was enough sauce in there. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken with no peanuts. I am not a fan of nuts in food (hee...hee...no pun intended). Anyway, it was very good, but I should have had them make it spicier. At the time, I didn't know that you could. I wish that their containers (reusuable plastic ones, by the way...thumbs up!!) Had a separation, because my rice soaked up most of the sauce. It wasn't all that bad, because it was really flavorful with the rice, but I would have liked to have more of that sauce for my chicken and veggies. 

Chopsticks is located in the busy Walmart center, closer to Red Lobster and the corner of Marks and Sunset Road. They take all credit cards, including American Express and they have great hours; Monday through Friday 10:30am to 10:00pm and Saturday and Sundays 11:00am to 10:00pm. They also deliver to your home or hotel, within a reasonable distance!",4.0
Great food and great price. Got the beef broccoli and the beef was very tender. Definitely will come again. It's closer to.my house than Panda Express.,5.0
"The side dishes here are the best in Scarborough,
I asked for bibimbap without beef and they replace it with TOFU! It's my first time try tofu on bibimbap and its now became my FAV dish!
The pork bone soup is pretty delish
Their vegi wrap is high recommended 
Service is friendly
After dining here for more than 5 times, I now can make an conclusion that this place is the best Korean restaurant in Scarborough",4.0
"The only reason I'm even giving three stars is because the food was good & fast. 

From walking into the door and being great by 'breana' in the most unprofessional way. Usually hosts are supposed to be smiley and upbeat to start your dinner off right, I guess she must of missed that part of orientation. The server we had, greeted us nicely but when we said we only wanted a salad, he quickly changed his demeanor. 

I must say, I love Miller's, but I will not be going back to this one any time soon. I'd rather make the drive to Town Square and be treated properly.",3.0
"This place it the BEST.  They are very flexible, and their office team is more like a family not only to each other, but to their patients as well. 

I have my whole family going to Paul and AnnaLee and once my toddler needs to start going to the dentist, I'll have her go there too.

Definitely one of the best offices I've ever came in contact with and I've had my share of greedy-money-grabber dentist in the past!

I'm sticking with KRUYER DENTAL   :)",5.0
"Dolce needs a better system for answering the phones. On multiple occasions I have been placed on hold for a really long time (over 10 minutes) before anyone picked up. That is ridiculous! Is this a hair salon or a credit card company?! Sure, you can book online but then you can't pick your stylist. For a salon that prides themselves on their level of customer service this is very disappointing. :-(",1.0
Came here for dim sum for light lunch. The food was good.  Doesn't seem to be too busy. Very spacious restaurant.,3.0
"I've been here a few times when I'm in Vegas and I really love the food! The endless chips and salsa are really great. The tortilla chips are thick and crispy and always taste fresh! They also give two types of salsa, a red and green one, in which the red salsa is my absolute favorite! I usually also for the the al pastor tacos that comes with 3 filling tacos, beans, and rice. I think the tacos are a great combination of marinated al pastor and sweetness from the pineapples and ingredients. I recently had their carne asada quesadilla and it was perfect! The right amount of cheese and flavor from the meat! It also domes with a little guacamole, lettuce, and tomatoes and tastes great all together. My friends have gotten the veggies tacos, veggies enchilada, and filet mignon tacos and they were really good too! The staff is always so friendly and attentive too which I always appreciate. Definitely worth a cost if you're around the Luxor and craving some good Mexican food!",5.0
Dr. Derek Day has been in business's for 15 years check him out on face book. At Anthem Chiropractic,5.0
"I stopped by Pat & Waldo's on opening day and got what I was told was the chef's specialty -- papparedelle noodles with a bolognese sauce. It was incredible! If I had one small critique it would be that my first few bites seemed over-salted, but I quickly got lost in the creamy tomato and meat sauce and fluffy noodles.",5.0
"Absolutely awesome sushi! Best in Las Vegas! 

Wait staff not 100% great in customer service...sometimes language barrier.

Little pricey...no AYCE, but they know ppl will pay extra for their rolls cause they are that good!",5.0
"This restaurant was one of the best I've been to! This was my first time visiting Pittsburgh and my parents and I decided to go to Proper. I was looking at reviews  on my phone for different resuraunt in the area and this one sounded pretty good with its wood fired advertisement. My parents are simple eaters and when we walked in we were surprised to find that it was more gourmet food than we expected. We looked over the menu and figured we would just share a pizza and order salads. Our waiter came over and was very nice! He explained the menu and offered alterations to our meal (Margaretta pizza add pepperoni) and catered to our individual requests. He explained the beer menu very well to my mom and offered her samples because she was unsure. To top off our superior service, the food was incredible! They make their own mozzarella in house, you could taste just how incredibly fresh all the ingredients were, our salads (house and BLT) pizza (see above) and dessert (peaches and cream trifecta and cheese cake trio) were to die for!!! If we ever come back to Pittsburgh, we will definitely be returning to Proper!!! :)",5.0
"I got gluten free pizza with no sauce (I have food allergies) and with pepperoni, bacon and mushroom. It was actually really good. Their wings are big and great, especially the sweet red chili sauce.",4.0
"If you're looking for a great brunch burger - this should be added to your list:

PATTY MELT BURGER - caraway rye grilled cheese, fried onions, chili mayo

It was a cross between a burger (medium rare) and a grilled cheese sandwich...

Not to mention, Rose and Sons Swan has other great items on their menu and the service is friendly and prompt. This should be a 'go-to' brunch spot for anyone that lives in the area...",5.0
"Really 3.75 stars.
The place is adorable - even the bathroom are super cutely decorated! The back patio is wonderfully shaded and just lightly misted with a fabulous area of well-kept greenery.
The service was spot-on and the food quite good.
While not on the menu at all, I asked that they scramble me some eggs and add in some of the vegetables offered in other items. The answer was a quick and resounding ""Of course!"". My bacon serving was 2 slices and it was smokey, sweet, meaty, salty, crispy and delish! The potatoes were quite uneven in size and therefore very uneven in how they were cooked. My cup of coffee was the best I had during my stay in AZ.
I would come back here in a heart beat!",3.0
"This place is a must if you want to try the Hakka food, the menu although is very large it is very easy to understand. The interior of the restaurant is nice and simple, you can choose to eat-in or take-out. Now the food: it is really good, and full of flavour. I ordered chicken curry spring rolls as appetizer, the hakka masala chicken and the szcheuan beef and i really enjoyed the meals. For the kids I ordered a meal with leag and back chicken on top of fried rice which is not spicy and they loved it. Let me tell you that the portions are huge so expect to take some left overs home, as far as what you get for the price it doesn't get any better. The service wasn't the best but there was only one server for 12-14 tables and she was rushing, she was nice and brought the food fairly quickly. I recommend this place for anyone craving hakka or chinese food.",5.0
"Really tasty ice cream. Fresh waffle cones. And a fun little patio outside to enjoy your treat, or you can keep walking along little Italy.",5.0
"WORSE customer service ever, pulled into the drive thru, the person taking the order had an attitude to begin with. Ordered my food 3 times and she still got it wrong. Told her to scratch my order I'm coming inside. Not one customer in sight, employee and relative maybe sitting in left corner of store. 3 employees that I see behind the counter. Not 1 again not 1 came up to help or even stated we would be with you in a minute or anything like that. Finally someone comes to the counter I ask for the manager she says she is the PERSON IN CHARGE. So I ask for her name and the name of the person in the drive thru which she stated was her. So I asked her why she has such a bad attitude and she said I didn't have an attitude I couldn't hear you our headsets are bad. Not sorry our headsets are not working right like any professional would've said. At this point I'm pissed took her store number and name, left a message for corporate or distract manager, also sent an email regarding the incident. I will not be returning to this location EVER! So I spoke the manager on 8/23/16 come to find out she gave a false name, she said her name was Crystal and her name is really Claudia. So I guess this jack in the box employee thinks it's ok to Lie!",1.0
"Love going here! Very friendly staff. I always ask for Dean because he is very meticulous about everything. I've went back two times due to me smudging a pedicure or a chipped shellac. They do it free of charge with no questions. He even redid my entire polish once because he could tell I didn't like the way the color turned out. I seriously wasn't even complaining he just said ""I can tell you didn't like this color, pick a new one."" Good business right there!",5.0
Best in town! Need to schedule another appointment for me and my golfer daughter!,5.0
"Trust these guys with my business and they have exceeded expectations every time.   It's not simply about doing a job, they ask the right questions to make sure everything is prepared for the intended goal of the final product too - they are smart, creative, experienced and have helped my local business succeed - can't ask anything more.",5.0
"Oh wow, now I remember.
This is the place I went after getting thrown out of the Little Woody (across the street), only it went by another name at that time. 

I had several craft brews, got a spectacular view of Camelback Mountain at sunset, and got to eat someone's leftover half-burger. 
No I'm not homeless. What the fuck?

It's just that this old dude ordered a burger split. When it arrived, the chick he was scamming on was all...

    ""Who's that for? I don't eat read meat! Do I look like I eat red meat?""

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Sit down and shut the fuck up I'm thinking to myself as this haughty little ingenue delivered a scene reminiscent of Scarlet 'fucking' O'hara in Gone With The WInd, her every word punctuated and overacted.

After her performance, she hastily stormed out. That's when I nudged the guy and asked if he was gonna eat that.

Anyways, I got a great craft buzz, ate a good half burger, and made it down the staircase without getting all knotted-up. 

All things considered, this was a five star in my book.",5.0
"My third time dining here and I decided to write a review because although this place has a really nice atmosphere, cheerful, open concept feeling and the servers are polite, the food can definately be improved.
Some of the dishes taste like they were cooked a couple of days ago and sort of on the greasy side.  Their cheesecake was probably the worse I've ever eaten.  All in all, stick with the simple dishes like salads and appetizers.",2.0
This is my dentist I've been seeing for about 2 years. The staff is super friendly and always nice. Dr. Do is very trustworthy and only works on what you need. He's very gentle and seems to be a lot less painful than all the other dentists I've been to. Great office!,5.0
"+Great service--server went out of her way to get me brewed iced tea instead of gross Nestea from the dispenser.
+They have Splenda!
+1.5 pounds of king crab for $16.95
+Good fries.

The fried shrimp and scallops were so so.

-Didn't love the bread.
-No ambiance.
-A little pricey.

I'll probably be back for more crab legs and to try the lobster grilled cheese.",4.0
INCREDIBLE!!! the best massage ever . Tony really understands the body and takes his time to get to know yours. Very happy to have found him. Extremely skilled.,5.0
"DO NOT get parts from this dealer. I purchased a belt that they charged me over 55 dollars for this belt. I later called Earnhart Nissan and they quoted me 20.71 for the same belt. After checking online, all other places were in the 20 dollar range. I don't mind paying whats fair but don't appreciate being taken advantage of. I will never service or buy parts for my 09 Murano or Maxima from this dealer again.",1.0
"I have always liked the CLT parking. You need to take it as a given that airport parking is going to be a little painful, but CLT does its best to minimize the inconvenience and the expense.

Like everywhere, the Long Term parking is a bus-ride away, but it is cheap and the buses are frequent. At $4 a day you really can't complain.

Hourly can be pricey, but it is free if you are quick. Picking someone up, it is obviously the way to go.

The Daily lot is where CLT shows its worth. Daily East has a big ole parking deck with 5 floors or some nonsense. That's great but you need to take a bus from there to the terminal, so you might as well be parking in the long term lots. But Daily West abuts the Hourly lot. Some of the spaces are closer to the terminal than the expensive hourly spaces. This is the prime location, less than a 90 second walk from the terminal. You are closer to your flight than to the shuttle bus! This is the airport's best kept secret. I shouldn't even be telling you. Save me a spot and we won't have any problems.",4.0
"They seriously have the best buffalo chicken sandwich I have ever tasted! Fresh veggies, delicious sauces and thick hunks of meat all on a butter-toasted bun for a reasonable $5.60 plus tax. 

I would have given this five stars, but the service was pretty poor. All the same, I still recommend this place over the McDonalds next door.",4.0
The staff is mostly college students that are extremely savvy with the computer checkout and return registers.  I had two returns and had to wait about 5 minutes before they could find someone that knew how to do a return.  The good thing was they were have a 25% off sale and I was just exchanged two shirts for different sizes so I got extra cash back!  The book store is owned by efollet which is okay I guess.  The clothes are reasonably priced and the books are expensive like any college bookstore.They do have a good selection of apparel and hats. It is a good place to start if you are looking for official ASU gear.,2.0
"""""customer service",1.0
The Japanese take on comfort food and pasta is refreshing and very tasty. Everyone who has come here loves it. The nori fries and their other fries are super delicious. They have changed their menu a couple of times and each time it is still amazing,4.0
"What a great store, lots of fun samples to try. We bought the cranberry-pear white balsamic and garlic olive oil....can't wait to try some new recipes with it.",5.0
"not really a review but am so sorry that this restaurant is no longer there
and another stupid shawarma place has opened in its place with terrible signage to boot",5.0
"Where do I start ? This is the best car lot I have ever been to! They weren't just trying to sale me a car they took their time and showed great customer service. The programs they have can help anyone in any situation. Ray the manager GREAT ! Sales rep Johnny is almost great and they are good people ! Do not go anywhere else before you come here. Fast , quick && HONEST which you don't find at any other car lot. I highly recommend this place to everyone. I love my car. Thank you & you guys are great people!!!!",5.0
"How amazing is this place. New to the area and came in for happy hour with my daughter. The waitress was very welcoming and warm.  
The chicken presto pesto pizza for 9 bucks was on point.  Flavors were perfect and amazing. Pizza was cooked perfectly, thin crispy crust but tender.",5.0
"Had read the reviews on Yelp about Pearl King before purchasing a Groupon, so knew to expect higher prices than a Chinatown experience.  But the prices can be justified by:  ability to make a reservation (a criteria for the Groupon, but also great to be able to reserve a table);  and a nice spacious and CLEAN seating area.

We were really pleased by the dishes we ordered for lunch:  Har gow;  Siu Mai;  BBQ pork buns, Hockey Pucks, chicken dumpling, a scallop skewer and the shrimp-stuffed portabello mushroom.  A few of the servings were on the small side - the scallop skewer was literally ONE scallop divided into 3 thin slices, but it was tasty.  We loved the stuffed portabello the most as it is different from what you can order from other places.  

Based on Yelp reviews, we also knew to expect a potential tea service charge, and were ready to dispute it if it appeared on our bill.  I had water, and my friend had iced tea.  The glass of Iced tea was $4!  But no other service charge.

My Groupon was $15, which gave a $30 credit on my bill.  The bill incl tax and credit came to around $20, + tip = $26.  For $41 total outlay ($15+$26), it was a decent but kind of expensive lunch (but in a nice setting).  If the bill had been without the Groupon, I don't think it would have been worth it at all!

After our lunch, my friend and I went shopping downtown.  About 90-120 minutes after lunch, we were extremely parched, and our feet felt swollen (despite unhurried walking).  Our conclusion was that the dim sum was likely laden with MSG.  Typically neither of us have extreme reactions to MSG (and realize it's often in Chinese food), but since we shared a lunch, we figured it was the culprit.  Too bad it was a bad ending to what was otherwise an OK dim sum lunch.",3.0
We got a coupon in the mail via Valpak and decided to give the place a try and are we glad that we did!  I had the shrimp po-boy and my husband got the oyster.   Nice big pieces cooked just right with not too much batter and not masked by a big hunk of bread.  Red beans and rice were very good too and fantastic Key lime pie.  Kenny and Larry (the owner) are really trying to build up the business as they are in a location not real visible from the street they are very friendly and helpful.  We will definitely go back!,5.0
"Been coming here since they opened. Use to really like the food and service. Well came in tonight they have cut the menu down to one page, and raised the price. They took all the great things away. The server tried telling us that all the food got thrown away by accident during cleaning. REALLY!!!???!!!",1.0
"Love this boutique-style store! It has lovely styles that include professional to boho chic! They color coordinate their attire which helps match accessories and they have many sizes available! The staff are professional and very helpful! 
Highly recommend!",5.0
"Got screwed over big time!! Took my phone in to have screen fixed, paid for it when it was dropped off, they said it would be done the next day, three days later it was finally done and I went to pick it up and they said that I had to pay for it again!!! They would not give me the phone and the owner called the police to make me leave the store because I would not pay a second time for the phone. Beware of this place!",1.0
Place for special occasion for people that love great food very expensive,5.0
"I got a pedicure. The good things are, there wasn't a wait and the workers seemed friendly. The bad things are they didn't do a great job with the pedicure and the salon has a super strong smell. Like they are trying to cover up marijuana smells or something. There are better around for the same price so I won't be back.",3.0
"Delicious hotdogs, friendly service, definitely recommend!",5.0
"Ugh.  Bashas. I went here for the Wells Fargo, which is conveniently located inside. I went over to the deli to grab a quick lunch and was uninspired.  I must say, the latte I ordered from the bakery was pretty good-- so instead of 2 stars I'm going to give Bashas 3 stars.  Here's the deal-- as far as grocery stores are concerned, there is a very large, fancy Fry's nearby and an AJ's.",2.0
"I called with a simple question and was very put off by the extremely rude attitude that i received by the lady who answered the phone. She wouldn't answer my question and as i was speaking, she interrupted me and hung up. I can guarantee that I will be telling everyone that I know how I was treated and recommend that they NEVER visit or support this company in any way.",1.0
"I came with friend on lunch hour, no waiting, place was clean and foods came out fast. I had marinated beef ribs lunch box and my friend had pork bone soup. Foods and side dishes were delicious.  Good service too :)",5.0
"I went there for a company event, and the food quality & services were way below my expectation !!! And I believe that this may still be truth.  http://www.thestar.com/news/canada/2016/01/15/reality-didnt-always-match-the-menu-at-toronto-restaurant.html",1.0
"Great place for kids, i love the fact that the kids have small ""stops"" and every corner has a difference activity, the owner are keeping the place very clean and it's always look great, they have a snack bar and water to buy. my kids loves this place!",5.0
"The food is amazing, especially for a sports bar!  They change out the items on their menu from time to time. Their breakfast on the weekends is great as well! The atmosphere is nice, and the staff is friendly! The only con is that they could have a bigger drink selection. Overall, one of my favorite places!",5.0
"Downtown Chandler has needed a sports bar with a bunch of tv's like this. It's a good spot to watch some games and the UFC fights. The lounge area is pretty nice but always reserved so walk-in parties we've had have had to go elsewhere a couple times already.

Lunch is my most common time to visit here... having a party of over 5 sometimes becomes a time issue; lately it's been better but we stopped going for a while because of the length of time to eat lunch pay and get out.  Their food is really good but the consensus is that it's all a little overpriced. Burger Monday's you get a $7 (if you don't modify it) burger w/ fries but most lunches will run you about $12-$15 + tip.

We've had a couple of events in their side room and those have gone well. 
The management, when around, are very nice and seem to keep things moving more quickly than when they're not present. 

Some local beers and fairly decent happy hours make it the only but the best sports bar in downtown Chandler. Not awesome but it works.",3.0
"I'm have been vegan for many years & am very cautious about GMO's & avoid them at all cost. With that being said, I absolutely love that most everything at Pomegranate Cafe is vegan & organic & bonus stars for the raw options. I went there the first time towards the end of October & I had some kind of a burrito. I ate the whole thing, it was delicious. I then ordered a caramel coconut drink from their coffee menu along with a desert. Everything was delicious. After I was finished m I went to the bathroom to wash my hands & I am not sure what happened but shortly after I came out, I got nauseated. I puked all my lunch which is way odd for me to so b/c I NEVER vomit/puke or anything. Not even when I  sick. Maybe I was so excited I ate too quick & too much? I don't know. Another weird thing that happened was, during our lunch, I asked to keep one of the menus b/c I wanted to continue browsing through (it was my first time there) I was told I couldn't b/c they were short of menus. LOL. Odd. Then a few minutes later she gave me back the menu. Alrighty. Ha!!

My B/F said that we should not come back b/c he was sure it was the food that made me sick but I refused to believe. We went back again a couple of weeks later & I had he raw tacos. They were good. We had a good experience. Except when I ordered my caramel coconut drink from the coffee menu, it didn't taste the same as last time. Like AT ALL. I ended up throwing it away. But, overall, a nice experience.

My 3rd visit just a couple of weeks ago, I ordered the French toast and was very disappointing. There was nothing French toast about this French toast. It was a pastry, like banana bread. Totally didn't even eat it. Had a few bites but that's it. I did order the organic scramble & it was super delicious.

4 stars for now.",4.0
"Actually this one star is given because of the staff who was on duty whom I found very courteous and seemed helpless. 
In general the food quality is very bad. It is just like a teenager trying to learn how to cook after watching a cooking show. MUST never ever order their TomYum Soup. It's extremely bad. The shrimps seemed burned out and quantity way below the mark
I feel I lost my money by visiting this kind of a ""C"" class restaurant. 
The hygiene standard is not satisfactory at all. 
Never ever visit here if you wanna eat Chinese.",1.0
"This is the place you must take your kid to get the great haircut for sure. I love the way they set up inside and all the entertainment are ideal for kids. Specially, the receptionist girl is very friendly and she know how to keep the place super clean. My nephew is 9 months old and we were there two times already. We live all the way the other side of the town., but we drive 27 miles to this place to get the baby's haircut. haircut lady is Cassy is very friendly and calm with our baby and always do the best to keep him happy. Also, the other lady is fully support to keep up the baby busy and minimize the crying...
     Finally, I recommend this place to any kid girls or boys to get their grooming done. Also they give a balloon to every kid to play and they have great shampoos and hair care for kids for very reasonable price.",5.0
"Came here for breakfast so shopping would be bearable - I hate lines. Anyways, this place is a local greasy spoon, and its okay. Nothing special, but it's a decent place to fuel up or beat down that hangover. The usual suspects prepared in decent time, the nice part is you don't get scalped at the cash register. Don't look for dcor, ambience or anything fancy, this really is a hole in the wall, but at least you can resurrect yourself without having to suffer noisy kids or preppy customers.
Place is okay, but there are better places not far away, so I don't think I'll be back.",2.0
"A fantastic brewery in this part of town with great food. I have been here a bunch of times and here is the mini rundown. The herds burger is awesome. I usually add a egg to it. The other sandwiches are all good but the herds stands out for me. The prime rib sliders are a best seller and are fantastic. TheGet a side of creamed and raw horseradish. I love the sweet potato fries as a side. Fish tacos are also a good idea. 

The beer is great. They have seasonal beers on tap which are always fun. The regular beers are good. IPA and double IPA go down nice.",5.0
Awesome authentic food! Loved it. Their bread is on another level. Go here and leave happy.,4.0
Recently purchased a car from this dealership. Worked with Justin Cates and Greg. Gave us a great price-great service on the purchase. In our case there was no nonsense - no haggling - they delivered on what they promised. It was a pleasure to work withe these two gentlemen and I would work with them again. Based on my experience I recommend this dealership and certainly the salesmen we worked with.,5.0
"When signs say things like ""All you can eat sushi for 10.99,"" it's really hard for me to say no.  So I didn't.

I should probably say that I've only been here for lunch; not sure if the menu is different, or if the price is different, for dinner.  Here's what I think about lunch.  Aji Sai offers up a big menu and most of it is available under the $11 umbrella.  This includes many kinds of maki and hand rolls, as well as things like gyoza, some barbecued meats, spring rolls, etc.  It doesn't include sashimi, but for $11, what else can you expect?

I enjoyed the food, and I'd probably give it a 7/10 on quality.  Not the best, but still excellent.  Service is a bit hit and miss there.  The thing seems to be the size of your group.  If you decide to go with your whole office (it happens...) be smart and divide yourself into groups of 4-6 people.  Anything bigger, and it just becomes too unwieldy.  The staff will (obviously) bring you your food but things get confusing easily, and it just turns into bad news for no one.",4.0
Pusateri's is one of those places that can suprise you.  Yes it can be expensive but it's almost always an excellent product and service.  The deli foods are often devine.  And the organic vegetables are actually a bargain.  Yes there are a lot of entitled customers there but frankly I fine them entertaining.  I do miss the valet parking on Bay street I have to admit.  They do have valet parking next door. I'm a fan.,4.0
I came here to meet up for a party bus club tour. You can find guys handing out 2 for 1 drink cards. But you are limited to what drinks u can order. The lounge is very dark which is actually kind of nice. Other then that it seems more like a bar than a lounge. Nothing special.,3.0
Bomb ass breakfast especially if you're familiar with British and Irish food!,5.0
"i bleeping love McMullans Pub.  don't go in expecting some white table cloth, fancy shmancy offering.  go in here for the best, most real, most enjoyable irish bar in Nevada.  the beer is poured the way its supposed to be.  the food is not ""cheffy"", just really delicous & hearty.  it warms the irish part of my heart!  corned beef & cabbage = awesome.  potato soup & brown bread = awesome.  Farmhouse Irish Breakfast served 24/7 = makes you ready to face the day...or night.  solid happy hour, great place to 'go dark' from the sometimes excessively bright vegas atmosphere.",5.0
"-I enjoyed myself the one night I stayed here. 
-Got myself bumped off the plane to NY for one more night in Las Vegas and it was well worth it.
 -Thanks airline for picking up the tab and sending me here.  They sent a shuttle from the airport to come get me so no extra cab ride. 
- The airline did also pay for one of my meals that night so I ate right there inside the Orleans casino.
-It was so cool that it was right across the street from the Orleans.
-Rooms were pretty decent, I mean I didn't do that much sleeping this night, Went to bed at maybe 6Am Vegas time and had to be up and out by 10AM.",4.0
"I'm visiting family in the Phoenix area for a couple of weeks. I was getting hungry for Thai food, but don't know the area well enough to know where all the good Thai restaurants are. I asked a family friend and she suggested this place, as she's a regular.

Touch of Thai is a little restaurant located in a strip mall in Peoria, AZ. Don't let the unimpressive setting deter you from a visit!

Five of us came in for a late lunch today and were treated very well. The waitstaff was friendly and the service top-notch. However, the food is the true stand-out here, and it's very reasonably priced. The red curry ranks up with the best I've had in my home state of Minnesota, and we have a LOT of Thai restaurants. 

If you've saved room for dessert, order a ""snowball,"" which consists of black sticky rice and coconut ice cream, and be prepared for a real taste treat... their ice cream is made on premises. I'm glad we split it because I might've ended up eating the whole thing myself.

I may try some other Thai places while I'm here, but I could end up comparing them to this one. Touch of Thai was a great intro to Thai food in the Phoenix area.",5.0
"Excellent food, service and setting! Very professional and friendly servers and the food is to die for... LOVE the pastrami sandwich, churro, breakfast burrito and the hash pizza!!",5.0
"My girlfriend and I were walking down Queen West last Saturday and stumbled upon this place. Initially we walked in with an intention to rest for few minutes while having a drink and perhaps a little snack. We were seated at a back yard patio that was secluded, cozy and shaded by greenery, which immediately put us into relaxed yet uplifted mood. We ordered a kir breton and prosciutto garlic-potato crepes. 

We thought we were not really hungry, but after sharing this delicately crafted, adventurously delicious crepe we couldn't help but want more and ordered a sweet kind - pear strawberry with hot chocolate sauce. That was a real treat - crepe was so light it melted in your mouth, fruit was ripe and tasty, and chocolate was moderately dark and genuine. It was so good that after finishing the serving and overcoming a moment of guilt-laden hesitation we ordered a repeat performance, which went without a hitch. 

On top of wonderful food add great friendly service, cozy space and moderate prices and you have yourself a perfect haven for brunch, dinner or chill-out snack.",4.0
"This is a cute place to catch brunch in the South Hills. I loved their cinnamon rolls, home fries, bacon, and french toast. The service was efficient and friendly (the customers were as well). Yet another strip mall secret gem!",4.0
"The staff here is amazing! They are the funniest and friendliest people ever! I work next door so our staff would come here to grab some shots when we get off, and they always welcome us. This is probably the cheapest place in town to get some shots. It doesnt really have a bar for you to sit down and chill, but for quick shots, this is not a problem. $3.25 for a shot of patron? Come on. Who will complaint about anything. I wouldn't!",5.0
"The food was overall delicious. We order 3 tacos: kalbi, carnitas, and carne. I was especially impressed with the kalbi taco! It was flavorful, juicy and the flavor combo was great. Then we order a carnitas nachos and it was meh. I wasn't impressed with the flavor at all. The nachos was bland and kinda boring, but it came with a great amount of guac. Then the owner recommended us the Me Gusta Bowl which completely surprised me. The quinoa was perfectly cooked, the mango dressing was tart and complimented the quinoa. We got it with kalbi meat and it was a great choice. I definitely recommend this Ko-Mex fusion but only on certain options!",4.0
Decent. Comparable to most Chinese places. Nothing great but filling and decent prices.  Service was good.,4.0
"Even with a late dinner reservation, our party of 7 still had to wait a bit for room at the table, (and there was one group that hadn't finished eating when we arrived and loitered for at least an hour after!) but other than that, the place was great.

I had been to Oddfellows once before and remembered it being good, but this time the food was even better. Delicious appetizer of pork belly (big enough to share - lots of food!), and I followed with the brisket burger which was OMFG good. Really tender and generous, I couldn't finish, and not for lack of trying,

Wine was good, service was nice and friendly. The place has a cool eclectic vibe, from the staff, to the decor and menu, to the other patrons. It's an interesting place to have a very tasty meal. Go hungry.",4.0
What a place very nice with any amenities. Close to the freeway with breakfast included gym and pool. In the room I got a microwave I even got a mini kitchenette with burners and utensils and a full size refrigerator. 2 flat screen TV's 2 queen beds in room with a sofa bed in the living room area. Big nice shower and restroom. Great customer service give this place 5 stars well deserved. I just got here not even 15 mins ago and I have such peace of mind and relaxation highly recommend this hotel for families and couples.,5.0
"Perfect experience. Tony set us up in a new jeep renegade, and it could not have been any easier. Answered all our questions and explained everything about the vehicle. If I needed another car, I'd go back!",5.0
"This place is a little gem located in Anthem. Our family loves this place. Food is always fresh and portions are generous. We decided to take our extended family here for Christmas Eve dinner and they have been raving about it ever since. Everyone from the kids to the adults found something they loved. The sweet and sour chicken is always a family favorite, chicken is white meat, light and not greasy. The wonton soup is delicious filled with meat and veggies. Crab ragoons are my favorite appetizer, they are light and flavorful.",5.0
"Pino's Pizza you are my new friend downtown.  This place is a traditional mom and pop Italian Pizza Place.  The Pizza is New York Style and is greasy bready flavor explosion delicious.  What surprising to me was how many other items they have on the menu such as pastas, and salads.  They also have dessert and a small but good wine and beer selection.  The prices are just right.  The large pizza is huge! They make it fresh with fresh ingredients.  The service was outstanding and friendly.  One thing I noticed was the owner was there and he knew the names of all his customers.  They have a lot of repeat customers which is makes you feel at home in this place.  I love it and you will too.",4.0
"This is the pizza of my youth in upstate NY.  The margarita pizza is a home run -- crisp crust, zingy sauce and a perfect amount of sauce.",5.0
"Oh my gosh! This show was so fun! I've seen quite a few burlesque shows in Las Vegas, and this one, by far, is the most energetic and well choreographed. The girls genuinely look like they are having a great time, they are all stunningly beautiful, and maybe most importantly, they are all fantastic dancers. I left the show with a tiny little girl crush on the red head. They were all amazing, but she was my favorite!",5.0
"I've enjoyed eating here a handful of times and the food has always been good and service has been average. Today though everything was horrible. It wasn't necessarily the servers fault as it appeared she was spread a little thin, but when that busy standing around chit chatting with others didn't help. 
It took sitting there 10 minutes at least before we could place a drink order and by then we had our orders ready to go as well. My husband's salad came quick enough and then 15 mins after ordering my toddler's pizza came. We were informed the plate was hot, so obviously I took to avoid my 2 yr old getting burned. Why put a child's pizza on a hot plate and then continue to bring it out still has me a little baffled, but I guess that's acceptable to them. It's about 20 minutes after placing our orders and we still don't have our drinks (we didn't order anything fancy, just a beer and ice tea) and eventually  I am able to get the servers attention to ask where they are. We actually ended up getting our food before the drinks. As for the food my husband's food had to me immediately returned as his pulled pork sandwich was so cold I thought for a second it must have been pulled from the refrigerator. My chicken Caesar salad was ok, but definitely nothing impressive. I could have saved myself 5 dollars and gotten one down the street at Rachel's. Waiting to pay ended up being a joke as well. My husband and son actually ended up getting up and going outside as I sat there for a good 15 minutes. I must have looked annoyed because the other server in the area actually giggled when she saw my face. It took the manager walking past me almost twice before he offered to take the check and ring it up. From now on my family will be venturing farther from home to find another BJ's location.",2.0
"This is by far the best Hawaiian Food I have had in Vegas. If you are craving Hawaiian Food make the trip to this place. It has all everything you would want to eat and more. My wife had one of their daily specials which was a 3 course meal that included a small appetizer ,Miso Pork w/ garlic Mash, and a dessert. I got a mix plate with firecracker chicken and short ribs and an order of fried musubi. It was all super freaking awesome.",5.0
My kids spent 4 hours in urgent care on IV's Saturday March 4th.  Both had food borne illness from eating burgers at this place.  If you ate here Friday and think you got the stomach flu guess again.  Usually eat here when visiting Phoenix but no thanks from now on.,1.0
"Worst service ever. I cannot over state this. The waitress literally made us feel like we had somehow personally offended her by simply choosing to eat there. I almost got our food boxed up because she made us feel so unwelcomed. And I am not someone who needs to ""make friends"" with every server I meet, but I do like to be friendly....yeah not happening here. Don't even care that the food was fine. Not. Worth. It.",1.0
"See that name?  Now let out your inner 14 year old.  Yup. That's what it means. And yes, you'll find lots of fun and sexually themed art here.  But if you think that's all you can expect, you would be sorely wrong.  

I love the life sized brass work of animals and people found right outside the door.  I've almost bought one of the creations that, well, while hard to describe without using my hands, it's like a cross between feminist/women empowered angels and Cirque du Soliel creatures dancing on a ribbon.  Not quite as exposed as you thought huh?  

Great art for those at the high end, but the owner also makes a conscious choice to ensure there is art for everyone offering matted reproductions and even greeting cards of some popular pieces.  

So don't bring your teenage brother (I tried years ago, he waited outside) but definitely check them out to see their super selection.",4.0
"The service was a little slow, but the food more than made up for that.   All six of my family got something different, passed tastes around, and we couldn't finish everything!",4.0
"Sad to be reviewing Becketts so low, but was highly disappointed with the experience. We had been recommended this place from someone in the industry, but will never return. 

To start, I had a reservation at 715, called and informed them I was running 5 min late (being courteous) yet when I got there I was not sat until about 750, and I arrived at 721. No empathy from the host, so we decided to get a drink at the bar, and the lady at the bar was not friendly at all, and when my friend ordered a coffee she got the ""death stare of ""really"", but my boyfriend and I ordered cocktails. Hoping once we sat the service from the server would make up for it.....nope. He was as cold as could be, did not seem happy to share about the menu at all. On top of all that he was just so slow and sluggish to do anything. He never checked to see how the food was ... so much for ""2 min, 2 bite check"". If he would have checked I would have ordered a nice glass of wine (lost profit there). Oh and no manager presence. 

The mains were just sub par. We had the scallops, pork chop and short rib; none which stood out. The only reason there is a 2nd star is because the cheddar jalapeo biscuits and the mac and cheese were fantastic. 

Overall a very disappointing experience, and don't plan to return nor will be recommending. Guess that's why it wasn't super busy on a Saturday night.",2.0
"Made for the regulars.  Our first time eating here, selection choices is overwhelming, if you know what you want, it will work out for you.  I piled in meats, veggies, made some mad scientist sauce, it was not that good.  If you know what to add, it will work out for you.",4.0
"Tried to be a repeat customer of discount painting but apparently Anthony doesnt want/need my business... 

I called him and asked for him to come out and give us an estimate, he said of course no problem see you tomorrow afternoon. I told him had to be early afternoon since no one will be home late afternoons. He said I will call you before but should be there between 11-12... and of course he doesnt call or show up. I reached out to him to follow up and he accuses me of speaking to ""Danny"" for a 3pm appointment, i told him no never spoke to anyone but you and told you I cant do late afternoons. He got a little pissy but then said he must of gotten me confused with another bid. 

ok fine moving on...

he said I can be there tomorrow around noon does that work I said yes and waited and waited and waiting. nothing nada zip from him. 2 days later still no call or anything. 

must be nice to be such a successful company that you push away customers.",1.0
"I came here to see a movie, and I'll admit, I enjoyed it very much. The theatre was relatively empty, and the staff were very kind. The seats in the theatre ware very comfortable, and there were only about 6 people (including us) in the theatre. It was very nice almost having the entire theatre to ourselves. Next time I am out in Las Vegas, I will definitely stop by here again. My first choice movie theatre in Las Vegas! If you do go here, be sure to go park around the back, so you can walk right into the theatre.",4.0
"Simply Magical. This venue had everything we wished for in a wedding venue. Tony Palacios & staff took great care of us & accommodated every need & resolve every concern. We were able to rest easy & absolutely enjoy the wedding. The facility is absolutely stunning resembling a historical rustic of the southwest with contemporary elements such as high ceilings, floors with a marble like feel, chandeliers & lots of open space giving it a very modern and elegant feel. It has a penthouse like bridal suite upstairs with a kitchen, with granite counters, dressing area, small living room, shower & an opening that allows you to oversee the entire wedding from above. It's an amazing view & prefect for wedding photos. The downstairs room can be used for the groom & groomsmen but we decided to get ready at the hotel instead. The venue can be used as all inclusive or bring in vendors of your choice. We used their in-house decor (which does not need much because of that natural beauty it already has) flower vendor (which did an amazing job & had everything ready just as we game planned), catering (which was mouth watering delicious) & cake vendor (possibly the best cake we've ever eaten). The prices are very reasonable here and we have people still raving about the food, cake & how beautiful the wedding was. It was so perfect that it makes you want to get married all over again.  The location was perfect nestled in historic downtown Mesa, AZ and right across from our ceremony site, the Mesa Fine Arts Center rooftop, perfect for a modern & elegant wedding with terrific background views. All in all, we had the time of our lives. We deeply appreciate everything & everyone who contributed to our wedding from Lena (the owner) Tony Palacios (wedding event coordinator), the bartender they provide and the rest of the staff. We wish you guys the best on continuing to make future brides & groom's dream wedding a reality. 

Kindest regards from the newly weds,

Wilbo & Amy",5.0
"Again guys I dodge a line here! So be prepared to wait if you go after 8. Anyways it was 7am and there I was drinking a mimosa, the airport has weird rules and no judge zone am I right?

Their mimosa was pretty standard but it was actually fresh squeezed oranges which is a plus. But you know it's a mimosa so eh. 

I had French toast and smoke sausage which the toast was amazing. The sausage however was so salty it wasn't even edible. So I left it. 

The biggest flaw was that buzz me if you need a waitress button. It made the whole thing uncomfortable. At one point I wanted another mimosa but it didn't feel right to hit the button to buzz her over. That's just weird. I get their trying to under staff and save on waitresses but it's a weird encounter. The waitress was nice though with good recommendations but still. 

If their is no line go if there is an obnoxious line skip it.",3.0
"My husband and I are and have been in the Las Vegas service industry for over 20 yrs.  We try hard to give a good experience every time with a welcoming smile. .  Funny enough, my husband hates seafood but, loves me!  We repeatedly come to the Red Lobster on Flamingo.  Food is fantastic!  Even better, it is so nice to be catered to, the way we cater to others.  Jesus is our favorite server, I'm sure they're all great, we always wait for him.  FIVE STAR SERVICE!",5.0
"This place was awesome when it first opened. But since then the quality has deteriorated, prices have gone up and portions have gone down! They nickel and dime you for everything...$1.79 for a breadstick! They use to be $1.00...CRAZY! I got a half portion and it's definitely not half the portion of noodles in there...very disappointed. Won't be returning.",2.0
"I am new to Vietnamese food. I liked my rice with marinated pork, and my companions liked their pho and bahn mi. Restaurant was clean, but the building it was in and the restrooms down the hall were not. We had a new waitress whose inexperience, mixed with our inexperience, made for a hard time ordering. Overall, my experience was average, but would give it another try because the food was the strongest part of the experience and the rest could have just been a bad day.",3.0
"No 1 Pho is how I know it even waitress's shirt says same thing. But this place must have changed hands. Have not been here for years. Used to be the best Clean, Great service even better food. Now Not so clean, everything looks worn, service and food are at best okay. Not sure there if there is any reason to go back. Had the Brisket bowl half brisket meat and then some plain slices of thin beef to make it look like more. Really do need th clean the place tables walls ect...",3.0
"It's great to see a restaurant with a focus and is solid in its delivery. I would definitely return to experience another night of great beers, great food and good company.",4.0
"One of the best places to stop for coffee downtown. I used to work in the area for man years and I stopped in here every day for a cup of coffee.

It is located in the lobby of the Regional Enterprise Tower (formerly known as the Alcoa Building) and is almost easy to pass by if you're in a hurry. It is a great spot to grab a cup of coffee to go if you're in a hurry (if that's your thing), but I'd much rather grab a mug and sit in the lobby for awhile.

They offer coffee of all kinds, smoothies, juices, pasties, and often times pre-made sandwiches or fruit cups.

The staff is friendly and the owner, Ward, is one of the most enthusiastic coffee guys you'll meet in Pittsburgh. He is very passionate about his place and the things on the menu.

Although it is known as a cafe interested in local, organic, and fresh ingredients, it definitely doesn't have the pretentious vibe you may relate to that.

I recommend Simpatico to anybody in the downtown area, whether you're just looking for a quick coffee or smoothie to go, or looking to hang around and have some great coffee conversation!",5.0
"FYI non pork eaters.....For brunch you cannot substitute out pork for anything (not even a slice of tomato), but you can add a slice of avocado for $4. No price reduction offered for the removal of pork. Reason given ""plates are carefully constructed to a price point"". But with that logic if you remove the bacon, a price reduction should be offered? Our table just tipped less, so it all worked out, but still strange.  

All sides offered on the menu are pork based.",2.0
I think they are a bunch of customer service androids because they always ask me the same questions when I'm at their window. I go there a few times weekly for their coffee. Their coffee is great.,5.0
"I've just recently moved to the Enterprise area and checked out a few local bars & pubs. I'd say Sporting Life is the nicest and most fan-friendly, given their numerous HD LED TVs and ample seating. The food was good and the drinks reasonably priced. If there's one thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars, it would be the smokiness. I realize smoking is still prevalent in LV but having it spill over from the neighboring booth while eating isn't very enjoyable. Nevertheless, I highly recommend SL as your go-to neighborhood sports bar and if you're into trivia, make sure to look them up on Tuesday's!",4.0
"This place was amazing!  The food and the ambiance could not have been better.  The service was exceptional.  We started with a sampling of appetizers that our waiter recommended.  They were so good that i could have had that as my entree and been happy!  The main dish was just as delightful.  I had the Dover Sole.  They actually fillet the fish table side and the presentation was excellent, but the taste was out of this world.  Great flavor and detail.  I really can't think of anything they could have done better.  This was an exceptional meal.",5.0
"Went to Nello's yesterday with a friend that had never been there before.  We ordered everything to share. We had pizza, the Appertivo and a salad.  There was more than enough for us and probably two more people.  Everything and I mean everything was fresh, and delicious.  The Appertivo was over the top in goodness, the salad  was piled high with all the goodies promised.  The pizza crust was so crisp and all the add ons were hidden under layers of yummy cheese.  No complaints, will eat there again very soon!",4.0
They are remodeling right now which I wasn't aware of the extent of the remodel when I booked. 830 am Saturday we woke up to the building being sand blasted so loud you couldn't sleep in or be at the pool. Pool was small and packed with people. Looked bigger in the picture. Room was on the second floor. Elevator was out. Each time the door opened to the hall the window would shake and rattle. Pool noise was loud for afternoon naps in the room making it impossible along with the rattle of the window each time the hall was entered. Bed was small and uncomfortable. Wish we were told about the extent of the remodel. The weekend was a birthday gift to my husband who didn't want to stay after the first night.,2.0
"I decide to give this place another shot - it's my birthday, so figure, hey, after a night of partying, this will be great.  I call a week ago to make my appointment and tell them I have a Groupon.  I get here, to be told, ""sorry, we're under new management and no longer offer this service or will honor your Groupon.  Call Groupon for a refund, it's real easy"".  SERIOUSLY!!!!  You couldn't have told me that ON THE FREAKIN PHONE!!!!  instead I drive to the other side of town, when I could have made an appointment closer to me.  NEVER AGAIN.",1.0
"The service was excellent, but I found the food to be very mediocre at best...Had Meat Sauce on one entree and marinara on the other, both very bland, flavorless.  The bread they serve obviously comes frozen and is served cold, just not good.  Salad is ok, and the dessert (4 Layer chocolate cake) is another Frozen jobber, dry and unexciting.  I find the bread and meat sauce at The old Spaghetti factory to be much more to my liking.  Would be willing to try other entrees at Rigatony's.  Guess my friend and I made a mistake by opting for the $8.95 early bird special, go figure!",2.0
"I only have one regret.That we didn't find Claude and Amy sooner! The magnet school she attends (LVA) requires their students to have private instructions. Our Daughter had gone as far as she could with her previous instructor, but she needed more precise and intense direction and instruction. Claude's experience and knowledge is impressive. My Daughter adores Claude, He is able to connect with her and has made her a better horn player.  Amy is a sweetheart and keeps the place running smoothly.",5.0
"Beware!! The other day my mother and I were in there and we were looking at the frozen tortellini that were 2 bags for $4 the name was italian feast I believe. Anyways, we went to go pick up a bag of the tri colored tortellini and looked at the date only to find it expired 9/13. 2013!!!! That's a YEAR OLD!!!!! We took a bag to the cashier and told her. Hopefully they were all removed before somebody gets sick. Make sure you always check the dates!!! Another thing, we bought pears there and the night we brought them home they were already completely ROTTEN! With holes and what looked like mold as well. After only a few hours... Not good produce. Plus, always compare prices. There's stuff in here for $5 you can get at Smiths for $1.99.",1.0
"It's interesting to see other reviews that were very positive including it being ""the best korean grill in town"" cause I thought it was absolutely the worst.

To it's credit, I like the physical grills there.  They were hot, and cooked fast.

Not in it's favour:
- Innattentive staff
- Slow service
- Portions of meat brought to the table were very small.  Yes it's all you can eat.  But when the service is shitty, it's more frustrating that you have to keep getting their attention to get more food.
- I had to repeat requests.

If find the service lacking at most Korean BBQ restuarants, and I think many others do to.  But it's usually not so bad that it doesn't outweigh the quality of the food and the good price.
The fact that I was so incensed by the service shows how bad it was.  My dinner companion agreed as well.

I was actually livid by the time my meal was over and glad to leave.  I'll go back to my regular Korean BBQ thanks.

I gave this 1 star only because the food was still ok.",1.0
"If you're looking for a place to learn how to dance, I sure hope you live near the chandler location of Fred Astaire Dance Studio. 

I started back in October to get ready for a friend's wedding and quickly became addicted to how great this place makes me feel. Don't wait! Don't fear! The instructors here will make learning ballroom dance so much fun you'll wish you could quit work, put up a cot in the corner and live there (not allowed, by the way -- I've looked into it). You'll make amazing friends (because everybody that walks through those doors is bound to be as fun loving and up for new adventures as you are, right?!) and you'll receive the best instruction available anywhere. This franchise has been around long enough to have already worked out the smoothest ways to move you from step right-together-left to gold level competition ballroom. Or as far as you want to go. As soon as you start, you'll proabably realize, as I did, that that's farther than you thought possible! And, guys, please go here and get a clue -- men who know how to lead are hot hot hot.

No buts at all. This place and the people in it deserve all five stars. 

P.S. the Mesa Fred Astaire location is owned by the same lovely lady. She has a knack for picking excellent instructors, so if you aren't close enough to Chandler, give Mesa a try.",5.0
"Bait & Switch!  Such a terrible experience. Tuesday, we spoke with Mike Nations on the phone about a 2010 Kia Optima with 31K miles advertised for $12K.  He said the car was under a Borrowed Car Agreement but would surely be available Wednesday night, then he pitched an invite to Thursday's Tent Event sale - Where all of their inventory would be, including the Optima.  When we called about the car on Wednesday, he didn't answer.  Thursday morning, we received two phone calls from two different sales-sharks, each calling to make sure we were coming to the Tent Event.  They both confirmed that the Optima was back in stock, no longer under the BCA.  Taking off work early to snag such a good deal, we arrived at the tent event at 3:30 and filled out paperwork to have our credit run.  After submitting that, Mike took us out to see the inventory and mentioned there were many cars on the lot for under $15,000.  I stopped him and asked where the Kia was, explaining that that was the car we came for and that we weren't interested in any others.  Mike said it was at the dealership lot and said he would go ask someone to bring it to the tent event.  When he returned, he reverted to the story that the car was BCA! We went to the financing counter and the guy there told us that the car was in the row of cars just West of the dealership and asked Mike to take us and show us the car.  Once at the dealership, I checked the VIN against the Carfax I had printed earlier.  It was a different car.  Sales manager, Vince, came out and said he had actually just sold that vehicle, but could look for another at auction on-line.  When he did, he suggested a 52K 2010 Optima for $13k.  What a waste of time!  Avoid this place.",1.0
"This is a review for their banquet menu, as I was here with a group.  The first course is a trio of pastas, each with their own sauce.  A few tortellini's, a ravioli, and I don't remember what the third was.  It was a little overcooked, but the best thing I had.  

Next was the salad.  Wow, what tough lettuce leafs!  Other than that is was ok, just a basic dinner salad, nothing to set it apart.  

For the main course, we had a choice between filet mignon, sea bass, or chicken.  They ran out of my first choice, the fish so I went with the chicken.  The description sounded good, but it wasn't.  I didn't realize it was going to be breaded, and the breading was mushy.  Underneath, the chicken was dry and overdone.  

Who picks these places?!?!? Seriously, I need to figure out who plans these company functions and introduce them to the wonderful world of Yelp.  I think it would have significant positive impact for the company as a whole.  Employee morale would go up, individual performance would soar, productivity would increase, we would gain market share, and before you know it, we would be topping Forbes top companies to work for lists.",2.0
"What a pretentious, hipster hellhole. 

I was out for dinner with two friends last night, looking to try a few different places we'd heard about along College. We didn't have a reservation at Woodlot, but dropped by and saw there was no one waiting in the lineup, so asked to put our names on the list. The hostess told us it would be approximately 45 minutes for a table to come free, but that it might be available earlier and we could leave our phone number and she'd call us when they had a spot. It was early (7:45) so we went for it, left our number and headed around the corner for a drink.

An hour later, we still hadn't heard from them, so I called to ask what was happening with the table. The hostess told me the people at our table were still waiting for their desserts and that it would be another 20 minutes. I started to get frustrated as, to me, there is a big difference in being asked to wait 45 minutes for a table and being told it would be 1 hour 30 min. She told me the 45 minute wait time was ""just a quote"" and that she couldn't know when the table would be free. I could be wrong, but isn't it the hostess' job to accurately predict when tables will turn over and to manage customers accordingly? 

We paid the bill for our cocktails and walked back to Woodlot and just as we arrived, our table (which was in fact the communal, baker's table, which we were never told about) became free.

We were seated at the communal table and promptly given menus and then a server frantically pushed our plates and cutlery into place. She even slid our water glasses across the table to each of us, like she was on the Olympic curling team.

We did not see our server or ask to have our drink orders taken for the first 10 minutes we were seated. I looked at my dinner companions and we decided that, even if it was a spectacular meal, we would probably not be able to judge it fairly after the super rocky start we'd had to our dinner. So, before we placed any orders, we decided to leave and head to the Pomegranate Restaurant down the street, which is a new favourite for me.

I'm sure the Woodlot's food is worth a wait, or a reservation made well in advance, but the impression they left on me with the poor customer service means I won't go back to try it.",1.0
"Kids love it - especially climbing and jumping. 
Great exercise and a environment.

The one downfall is that some of staff are unfriendly and not attentive.  Takes away from the total experience. 

This is my second time here. During both visits staff attending the climbing area were arrogant and rude.  Staff attending the trampolines seem more in tune with the guests.",4.0
"Actually ordered food from here this time. I got the fried sushi roll with lobster (I can't remember the name), and it was pretty good considering this eatery doesn't exactly specialize in sushi. Also, if ordering a drink, or at least a milk tea, I personally recommend getting it blended, as opposed to iced, as last time my iced milk tea came out far too potent, but my blended milk tea today was far more suitable for my palate. The boba, however, was far too firm for my liking. Warning: it can be a little pricey though, as a small--although the cup itself isn't too diminutive in size--milk tea is $4.",3.0
"Copacabana is the best AYCE steakhouse in Toronto. Take that with a grain of salt as there's only 3 in Toronto.

The downtown location is newer, larger and better looking than the Eglinton and Yonge location. Of course thats what they tell you when they charge you $10 more than the midtown location. (Tip: If you're going with family or prefer more lowkey, go to the Eglinton and Yonge one. Downtown's vibe is much more extravagant)

""Copa"" is the ultimate feast in a boy's night out. It's got all the steak you can eat, half naked girls dancing (Weekends only) and a good selection in drinks. I won't list all the selection of meats available, it's on their website, but know that their Top Sirloin is amazing. When they come by and offer you cornbread, you're going to want to scoff at them offering you bread, but trust me and take one. Take a bite of that delicious cornbread and you'll understand why they dare offer it. It tastes amazing. 

Some common complaints is that the meat is salty and the service really can be slow. I agree with both. I remember that we once went past the two hour limit, but after speaking with the manager, our table quickly got the steaks that we requested, and stayed for an extra half hour until we were ready to leave. The steaks really are salty after a while. Very salty. So make sure to get some amazing grilled pineapple to cleanse your taste buds.

Again, this place is a definitely must try. At least once. Come on your birthday and it's free for the birthday boy/gal. (minimum party of 4)",4.0
"I have to disagree with some of the posts. I have been taking my daughter here since she was 4 months old (full head of hair) they've always been nice. It is a bit stressful there but maybe it is because YOU (it only takes one late appointment to throw everything off) are late to YOUR child's appointment. Quit with the excuses of your children make you late, learn how to manage your time efficiently and be more courteous to business owners and those in the service industry (step away from Pintrest for a few minutes, you will have ALL the time in the world).  Imagine how you would feel if you had to deal with screaming kids all day for probably low paying haircuts. I will agree that some things could be seen as rude but it is NOTHING more than I've seen at other salons.  Again they have to deal with screaming, squirmy kids and overbearing mothers -- cut them some slack!

They have always treated me and my daughter well and have given her fantastic haircuts. She is 2.5 years old and loves getting her haircut by Kristy (I think that's her name).",4.0
Called AC Doctor on Sunday. Miguel called me back and stated would be here in about an hour. Sure enough on a Sunday he was here. My hot AC unit was blowing hot air. Went above and beyond and this was on a Sunday. Cannot be happier. Plus he was extremely polite and great customer service. Thank you Miguel,5.0
"Amazing, Amazing, Amazing! The lobster bisque goes good with absolutely everything! We got the lobster bisque fries as an app and even ended up dipping my sons chicken tenders into it, it was that good! Staff was knowledgeable and friends, great atmosphere. If I didn't live in Texas, I'd eat here much more often but it is now a must have when I visit!",5.0
"it's a decent place. food is OKAY... honestly, the location and patio is what keeps us coming back. they could definitley step it up a notch or two when it comes to menu items.",3.0
"The bf and I came here around lunch time and the place was packed!
Not even a minute we came in to give the guy my name he didnt get my name right, we were called to our seats while there were several people waiting to be seated before us. 

Our server introduced herself to us and she just didn't seem like she wanted to be here but she did deliver.

I went to the restroom to wash my hands and this is the first time I've ever seen a worker in uniform using her phone with her planner out in the restroom.

The managers stuck out like a sore thumb in the crowd.

Anyways I ordered the $10.29 breakfast sampler came with 2 eggs, 2 sausage links,  and the bf ordered the special ultimate combo breakfast for $7.99 which was a tiny bit different but practically the same.

Server was nice and checked up on us to see how were doing which was nice after she saw that I was disappointed.  I explained to her that my order is practically the same as his but more expensive which I didn't understand.  She said the orders are not the same and that it is better to order from the specials which was the best advise she can give me.  

My best advise for the servers here are to suggest a special for a customer as an alternative for a better deal to get a better tip.

The food was good, but I could have gotten a better deal",3.0
"While in Canada for a few days with my girls, we decided to grab a bite to eat on the first full morning after arrival.  I can not remember the name of the place we initially went to, but they were closing soon and not very inviting since it was near time for them to close.  Understanding, we decided to ask someone walking where we could go and she quickly said ""Fran's"" and pointed us in the right direction.

This was the best breakfast meal we had while there!  OMG, the prices were unbelievable for the amount and quality of food.  I was impressed with the OJ prices being that they were mostly fresh squeezed.  I say mostly fresh squeezed because when I saw the prep, they did in fact pour a little orange 'juice' from a gallon container.  I asked the waitress what that was and she described in detail their process.  She said basically depending on the oranges they receive, some may not be sweet enough, so they add a little 'help'.  Seriously, it wasn't that much added, and it was so good.  I mean let's be honest, there are a lot of restaurants that serve a fancy glass of Minute Maid OJ.  So at least 90% of Fran's OJ was actually OJ.  :-)

Most of us ordered the Big Breakfast, which was really big and filling for only $12.99.  What a steal.  I went back three days in a row and ordered the exact same thing.  When I tell you once I find something great, I am hooked...believe me.  I shall not lie to you.  I was HOOKED.  

I, the coffee drinker of the group, had coffee and I wanted more.  It was so good with their table cream.  

Lastly, I would like to mention their syrup.  So, you're in Canada and you want real maple syrup right?  Well you wont get it here...BUT it's still better than the norm in the US.  They will actually sell you a bottle of their syrup for you to take with you and we all purchased at least one.  It was great and I have been using it since.  Now once it's gone...I don't know what I will do.  I guess I will need to make another trip and rack up!

The service was great all three days and I had to leave a bigger tip because there is no way I would have received all that food for that price in the US.  I felt like I was cheating them.  hahaha

Overall, great food and since I was with my girls, it was a nice place to just chat and eat.  Fran's reminded me of an old diner where you could go, grab a cup of Joe and they would actually remember your name and order.",5.0
Derek. Mark and Mike did a great job helping us get ready for a great bachelor party.  Will definitely be back on this trip.,5.0
"It's Super Bowl Sunday and they have what seems like 100 people working really hard right now. Haven't even gotten my wings yet, just wanted to give props to the employees and management for how they are handling the crowd!",4.0
"We had a reservation for 4 and were seated as soon as we arrived (on time) at a very nice table. We had glasses of sparkling wine to celebrate a birthday followed by a bottle of wine. Both were very good. Each of us had the 4 course dinner. A wide variety of items were chosen. First course included the calamari, pork belly and squash blossoms. Second course included the Beet salad, Greek salad and Spring salads. Main courses were the duck breast, pork chop, pasta of the day, and scallops. Desserts were tiramisu, chocolate gelato and apple tarts. Everything was wonderfully delicious. The service was excellent. Definitely going back as often as possible.",5.0
"I had a great experience, I needed another vehicle and had a clear vision of what I wanted abs even though it didn't exactly line up with there numbers they made it work,  I now have a brand new Toyota Tacoma 4x4 and my monthly is ver manageable. Even now I have gone back 2 times for services; one, to get a customization on a computer level that was an option I read about in the manual (really nice option).  Second, to get a tier replaced.  Just a super good experience all the way around.",5.0
"I've been a loyal Sephora shopper for years, and I still am. Usually I only buy online, but sometimes I actually like to go into a store when I'm looking for something untested. Unfortunately this is the only Sephora close by in central Pittsburgh.

Unfortunately? Yes, you heard me right. Located on the narrow and notoriously pretentious Walnut Street this is Sephora is tiny and... pretentious. Maybe it comes with the location and the dress code, but every time I go to the Walnut St. Sephora I can't help but think that all their employees are judging me based on my clothes/age and are slyly watching to see if I'm going to steal something. They've been pretty inconsistent with their helpfulness, also.

I'm not being super sensitive, but just as a warning if you're in your early 20's, not wearing a lot of make-up, and not dressed so nicely that day be prepared for some cold customer service from these ladies. Maybe they assume you don't have money? Maybe it's just me, but every time I go I forget to leave my motorcycle jacket at home.

Bottom line: cold ladies, tiny store that carries the more popular stuff, but there is a larger and probably more friendly Sephora at Ross Park Mall. Professionals welcome.",3.0
"Terrible service, very rude and sarcastic over the phone. I called to order food and was looking at the menu online. I tried to order the ""anytime"" specials, I was told they don't have that, and they would not honor that, it was wrong, well I can only go off what your menu has. Lost my business for good and I'm sure I'm not the only one nor the last, beware",1.0
"My ears always perk up at the sound of ""Michelin""...our meal at Wing Lei was definitely not the best of my life, but it was very exceptional.  Especially for Chinese food.  The food/cocktails and ambiance were impressive; however, the service did not 'wow' me.  It wasn't bad by any means, but it was not anything special.

Our table of 4 ordered: 2 Peking Duck Salads, 1 Potsticker order, 1 grilled sea bass, 2 3-cup Sea Bass dishes, 1 Braised Duck Breast, 1 Fried Rice, 1 Chow Mein, 4 cocktails (Thai Silk and Lychee Blossom), and 3 desserts (chocolate mint tart, walnut semifreddo, and mochi ice cream).  Our bill came to $345 which I think is a GREAT price for the quality of food and the fact that we all got drinks...we also weren't able to finish it all and left very satisfied.

Some reviewers commented on an ""MSG-y"" taste...we did not get that at all with any of our dishes.  All the meat dishes were cooked TO perfection and the textures and flavors were excellent.  I would love to go back to just try their other cocktails because the ones we had were incredibly refreshing.",4.0
"Great place, inside an old home, feels very cozy!  I had the bacon and avocado sandwich which was very good, and the cheesecake dessert. Recommend you try it!",4.0
"I have had dinner and brunch here and both times were great. I got a special Ravioli with roasted kale that was really good and also unique. 

I highly recommend the Crab Benedict for brunch. It was cooked perfectly!",5.0
"This place is awesome! I haven't been bowling in years, but Park Lanes makes me feel like going more often. The music is good, the drinks come quickly, and the bowling is just as fun as you remember it being as a kid. 

The food was also surprisingly good! Though I had a hard time reconciling the fact that I was sticking my fingers into borrowed bowling balls and then using those same fingers to eat chicken wings and frickles and other finger foods. Eek. Maybe they should look into providing some wet naps?

I still don't understand why I have to rent shoes from a bowling alley, but at least they don't make you trade in your kicks for one of their rental pairs.

They have live music outside, too! And just an awesome outside space -- corn hole, lots of tables for sitting and having a beer, and a prime location on Montford. Fantastic.

I can really only think of two cons: (1) You have to reserve a specific amount of time of bowling, which means you sometimes get cut off mid-game. (2) Parking was impossible.",4.0
This is a must stop for Charlotte. Great bottled drinks alcoholic and non alcoholic. A little bar in house plus live music. It is a great community gathering place.,5.0
"It's cafe food at cafe prices, what more do you want?  The service was good and the time between our order and delivery of said food was fast!  I would eat here again and probably on a regular basis.",4.0
"Nice little vegan joint around the corner from the container park, attached to gluttony. The out of Africa was delicious and enough for 2. The antipasto was good and shareable. The green smoothie was healthy. The rest is in the pictures, Cupcake.",5.0
"Came to Topgolf for the first time for a recruitment event.  We had a great time!  From the golfing competition (apparently once someone initiates this part of the game, you get NEGATIVE points for getting your ball in the wrong hole, thanks for telling me guys), to the tasty margaritas, this was a great experience and a very cool alternative to a normal recruitment dinner.  The only thing - I wasn't much of a fan of the food.  We had some standard Mexican fare (tacos, etc.), but after having cheap legitimate Mexican taco-truck food for years, I wasn't too impressed.  I'll have to try the sushi or some other dish next time.",4.0
"Great place to go and have fun.  Long wait to get in, but the wait is because it's very popular.  Food is good, but not great.  However, it's definitely a great place to go have fun.",4.0
Wow!!! What a place. Took the kids here after Easter Brunch and had a great time. Can get a little pricey if not careful.  It took me an extra order of doughnut holes to convince them to leave!,4.0
the food here is super delicious and the family that runs the place is very friendly. You might see their kids running around. The horchata is yummy. I've eaten here many times. its a small place so dont expect a fine dining experience but food is delicious. My favorite Mexican food place.,5.0
Have been here with the wife a few times and have even order take out.  The food has always been good.  The owner and his staff have always been prompt and courteous.,5.0
"We went with a group of four and it was worth the short trip over! We split a few Tapas and then shared the Mixed Paella. The price was incredible, especially considering we were only a 10 minute walk away from the strip. $100, including tip, for 4 people, including drinks! Doesn't get any better than that. We have already suggested it to others and we will be back next time we are in the desert!",5.0
One helluva flawless coffee joint. And then there are the homemade muffins. Let me put it this way: never was there a sadder week in Parkdale than the one the Capital's oven broke down.,5.0
"My first visit here was at 10 am, and the line was crazy long (an estimated 45 minute wait) so I vowed to myself to show up earlier the next time. Second time around, I got there at 7:15 am for my egg fix. I was 2nd in line and waited around 10-12 minutes total for 2 sandwiches and a side salad. 

Whatever you select, the bread is rich and fluffy (yum!). The egg was perfectly cooked - just a touch of runny, orange yolk to compliment my bacon. I actually really enjoyed the side salad - it was simple and refreshing, and helped balance out the richness of the sandwiches. 

This will definitely stay in my permanent rotation of places to eat when I visit Vegas.",5.0
I have been going here since I was little. The food is good and the salsa has a good kick to it. Service can be a little slow but it's understandable because of how busy it is.,4.0
"I ate here Saturday Jan 17, 2015  grabbing a bite before my sons rugby match.  I hadn't been here in 6 years, so was a little surprised when my steak and cheese arrived and there was virtually no meat.  I think it tasted ok, but when you are just eating bread it's hard to tell.  It was $7.70 for an 8"" (medium) excluding tip which I gave prior to receiving my sub roll.  My perception would be 6oz of meat pepper onion and cheese the worse value dining since my trip to the zoo.

The positives:
The owner was super friendly, I heard she and her husband bought it two years ago, wish I knew how the value has lapsed",2.0
"Pizza with sauce on the side does not quite have the ring that cheesy bread has to it. 

We were hanging out by the pool in N Scottsdale and we needed some gluttonous food to go with beer at the swim up bar. Google suggested we call Barro's and that is just what we did.

2 orders of cheesy bread and one pizza. The cheese bread went fast too. It is essentially a pizza with the sauce on the side and cut into handy strips. Yes it was greasy, garlicky and doughy, that is what made it so good.

Delivery was fast and the food was hot.",4.0
"I have recently been traveling to Toronto for work and slowly exploring the city and discovering the different neighborhoods. Yorkville is so far my favorite..great choice of restaurants..great shopping as it's right off Bloor St...and full of all the snobby rich people Toronto has to offer.

I met with a good friend on my last trip and we came upon Amber...what drew us in was the very cool and sexy patio...it sort looked like an old back porch patio on the farm..but painted out all white with sleek chrome tables, modern chairs and benches with comfy cushions..the music was fun..remixed 70's disco with a chill element..and the servers were all beautiful and dressed in head to toe white..this place is what pretentious dreams are made of....in a good way of course..

I usually don;t expect good  service in a joint like this but my dinner date and I were pleasantly surprised by the friendly and prompt waitress that took great care of us...I hadn't even swallowed the last swig of my beer and she had replaced my bottle with a new one...that's the kind of service  I like!!

The menu was decent..not a lot of selection but some good nosh for a warm summer night on a patio...we both had the burger with seasoned fries..very yummy..not your average burger...it was a ""fancy burger"" with zucchini pickles and pickled onions..tasty none the less...

I do recommend this as a stop on a trip to Toronto..especially in the summer as the patio is the best part..the inside is equally as nice but not as fun for people watching...

My only complaint would be the prices...$60 for a burger and 2 beer is a little steep...but if you have..spend it!",4.0
"This is my favorite place in Scottsdale!  I am a huge sports fan and truly appreciate the memorabilia, but first and foremost, I am a ""foodie"" and appreciate great food and great service. This place has EXCEPTIONAL service and food, and one of the best bartenders I have ever met!  Her name is Shelly and people will literally stand and wait for a seat at the bar just so she can wait on them.  I know because I am one of them!  She is friendly, attentive, and makes you feel welcome from the moment you walk through the door - her customer service is OFF THE CHARTS and rare to find these days.  She is truly a GEM!!!  And the food?!?!?  Where should I start???  The shrimp cocktail (the sauce is amazing), the ribs (to die for), the prime rib (OMG) - you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  It is ALL SOOOO GOOD!!! I recommend this place to everyone!!!  It is HANDS DOWN my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale!",5.0
"This new brewery is in the same building as Cleveland Cycle Tours, and they happened to be having a private event that I crashed when I showed up early for a party bike tour. The space looks like an old garage, the staff friendly, and I enjoyed a dark wheat beer for $5. They aren't open to the public just yet, but I'm sure they will have success!",4.0
Never had a bad meal here.  Had the burger in my last visit.  Cooked to perfection.  Food and service never disappoints.  Still my hands down favorite restaurant in Vegas.  Best value for the quantity and quality of the food you get.  Excellent service.,4.0
"This spot is in the miracle mile shops in PH. A bit pricier than other locations. It's only a few steps from the casino but takes a while to order and get your drink. 

Well worth the walk and wait when you don't want a coffee from Starbucks.",5.0
"I will say that it is clean and they use an autoclave, but that is pretty much the only positive thing I can say. I went in for a pedicure and got the most lackluster service I've ever received. The shop only had one other client and two employees when I arrived and yet I waited at least 15 minutes until they started my pedi. The entire pedicure (minus the polish) only took 5 minutes and then another customer came in and she went to do a brow wax and the other employee painted my nails. I find that pretty unprofessional. $25 for barely more than a polish change is ridiculous.",1.0
"After reading old reviews, I was a little hesitant. This is now my second order in two weeks! I ordered double cut, light sauce...I'm picky. These pizzas looked better than the commercials. The place was clean and the people were professional, courteous, and quick. They know what they're doing. Definitely my go to dinner place. Thanks so much!",5.0
"So I will first admit that I am a Southern Californian transplanted to Phoenix. So I am biased and I love In N Out Burgers and Fries 

I order the #1 animal style. Which for those of you who don't know the secret language that is at In N Out, that is with grilled onions, lots of pickles and spread. Oh and today I learned something about the burgers being grilled with mustard. Who knew...not ME!!

Oh and I took an Newbie, an East Coast Newbie none the less today. Guess what?!?! She loved the burger...but not the fries! I really think the fries are an acquired  taste, especially if you are a McDonald's fry fanatic...All that fake beef flavoring is hard to compete with...ya know some people just like fake flavor...not the fresh cut and fresh cooked fries that are In N Out's 

I get that In N Out is a regional burger place. I think that just because you don't understand the appeal doesn't mean it isn't good and has lots of people who love it...and at times CRAVE it!",4.0
"I've only been once, but it was a wonderful experience.  I had the NY strip steak and I had to say it was the best steak I've ever had.  I'm not a meat connoisseur, but I know what tastes good and this was very good.  The service was wonderful and the setting is very nice.  I would highly recommend this place.",5.0
"This is one of the smaller no frills store. My exposure to this location  is limited to when I visit the Costco nearby and want to pick up something that's not sold there. 
The store is not well kept and the things in the produce section are just piled on. 
The packaged items fare a bit better. The variety is limited. The prices are good as that's their niche. 
The checkout are ridiculous as there is hardly any space when a line starts to form and they do get slammed consistently. Service at checkout is particularly poor as the cashiers have an attitude like they are doing you a favor.
Ah well I guess this area this is not much in terms of alternate so they can keep packing the crowds day after day.",2.0
"Getting married at Chapel of The Flowers was one of the best decisions I made for my wedding! Robin, our wedding planner, was such a pleasure to work with and she was very easy to get ahold of considering we planned everything from Arizona. The entire staff is extremely professional and creates an intimate experience that surpassed all my expectations.  The Glam Squad that came to our hotel room was amazing! The group of 3 girls made me and my sister feel so glamorous. They went above and beyond and even helped me get in my dress. We got married on 12/13/14, probably one of the busiest days to get married on and we never felt rushed or like just another wedding. The minister spoke beautifully throughout the ceremony and really personalized it for our family. The photographers took some of the most gorgeous pictures I've ever seen and captured moments that literally took my breath away. It was a beautiful day and I wouldn't have changed one thing!",5.0
"We come here probably 2x a week, usually for my late night cravings...the best Mexican food I've had in az (im from California) I can't believe we just discovered  this place last year ...we've been missing out! Everything we've tried has been great,  they don't have Chile verde pork so i go with Carne asada and this is the best I've had",5.0
"Long lines for treats, but I don't mind waiting. The ice cream is incredible and it is relatively inexpensive. I highly recommend this place!",4.0
"If I could just get a bowl of their butter and eat it like ice cream or yogurt, I would.
Everything we had was sooo good! I ate every single morsel of food on my plate. Between their house made preserves and butter, I was in heaven!
Service was attentive and everything moved like a well oiled machine.
Only odd thing, if I can use that word... was that they don't have half and half or cream for the coffee. Only organic whole milk. The coffee was still delicious",4.0
"This review is from the perspective of a large group.  

We threw a surprise 40th birthday party at VBGB in February of this year.  It was great!!!  I cannot say enough good things about having the party here.  I worked with Maria throughout the process and she made it very easy.

They let us reserve a private room inside the building, we were able to close the door off so the surprise guest could open the door and walk in. We were able to arrive early and decorate the room as we wanted.  

We were also sent food options and were able to have a few appetizers set up upon our arrival.  This spot was great!!  From start to finish the service was great and everyone had a wonderful time.

Even down to asking for trash bags to take some of the decorations home in they went out of their way to help us.  I cannot recommend this enough if you are looking for a spot for a group event.

***Also do not forget to get the pretzels  = AMAZING!!***",5.0
"For paying such a high amount of money a month there are some things wrong with the yorkville club.

1. Members think their shit don't stink. A lot of people don't put weights in the correct place, don't clean up after themselves etc. Yeah you might pay a lot but don't expect someone following you around cleaning behind you. The weights are never in the same place which is annoying.

2. Their 24 hour fix any machine guarantee is BS, I saw a machine that was out of order for about a week or two.

3. One of the front desk attendants (really tall white brunette girl) is really rude. I always say hi in a nice way, thanks, etc and she is very cold to the point where you think did I ever offend her?

4. Every once in a while I find a moth in the showers and kill it. 

5. The shower stall I like to use usually changes direction of the hot water daily (left or right). How? I have no idea.

Mostly the problems here are attitudes of members and some employees. I used to go to a upper class gym in Montreal that was half the price and people there were much better than yorkville. Just shows that money doesn't buy you class.",3.0
"A few months ago, my hair was very long and I needed a change. I was mostly tired of the maintenance and honestly, it was getting ridiculous. Anyway, I researched several options for hair donations and discovered that Locks of Love has the only program that takes chemically-treated hair. Even if they are not able to use your hair to create the actual pieces for children, they will sell it to fund their non-profit organization. Since my hair has been colored in the past, this was perfect. So, based on my ability to donate hair, it was an easy decision to cut at least ten inches. 

I haven't had a hair stylist for a couple years, so I asked a few people for recommendations. My friend Hally told me how much she loves her stylist, Kelly, based on several successful appointments and I was convinced! We coincidentally booked consecutive appointments on the same day, so I was able to watch Kelly in action while she was doing Hally's hair before it was my turn.

When I sat down in Kelly's chair, I explained that I wanted to cut off a lot and needed it neatly done for my donation. I left everything else up to her. She asked what type of hair style I wanted and I said, ""I don't know. I just don't want long hair anymore."" Then, Kelly created a ponytail and after some consultation, we decided on a little over 12 inches to be removed (about 13-14 inches after everything). Before she began cutting, she asked if I was sure I wanted to do it - I couldn't wait to part with my hair. It was liberating and even without an actual trim, I was happy with the way shorter hair looked! From there, we settled on a shoulder-length asymmetrical cut that wasn't too dramatic with light side-swept bangs. She added some mellow highlights, then straightened and styled my hair. I absolutely LOVE the way it turned out!! I couldn't stop looking at it or touching it. That's success!

Although I enjoyed my short hair, it wasn't very versatile in styling. So, I am growing my hair out again until inspiration strikes. When it does, I am absolutely coming back to Kelly. There is no doubt in my mind. I highly recommend her to everyone! Oh, and bonus: her services are very inexpensive!!",5.0
"Scottie made our new (2 month old) 4Runner look better than new. I worked for an auto body shop for years and understand the care required to properly maintain and work with paint, and it was apparent that he knew exactly what he was doing. He's so careful that he even wears a microfiber apron to make sure that any buttons or buckles from his clothes don't rub against the car and leave unsightly marks. On top of that he's very polite, punctual, and performs a complete and thorough inspection of the work with you by his side. Oh, his prices are unbeatable for the service as well.",5.0
"I have been using SHPR for approximately three years to board my two 50-55 lb dogs. I have never had an issue with them until now. Although their prices have steadily increased over the years and most things require additional fees, I have never complained, until now; however, I have questioned whether this place is worth the money that I have spent with them, which is probably well over a couple thousand dollars over the last few years. 

Here is my story: 
My two dogs have always used the Pavilion Patio Suite together. I love that they are able to have out door space, especially when they are kenneled 24x7. Last time we boarded, they were out of the Pavilion Patio Suite, so we took an Elite Patio Suite. This time when I called to book 6 nights, I was told that my dogs were too large to share the Pavilion Patio Suite and MUST be in at least an Elite Suite. I have never had this issue before. I was told that such things must be approved by management and a day later I received a call that management had declined my request, as the dogs would be more comfortable in the Elite Suite. 

I would not have such an issue with this, except that I really feel this is a money issue. The the Elite Suite is actually only 7'X7', while the Patio Pavilion Suite is 2 spaces of  4 1/2'x7', equaling more space than the Elite Suite. The Elite Suite is even slightly cheaper; however, I made it clear that I really want the outdoor space, therefore, my only option is the Elite Patio Suite, which is $15 more per night ($105 more for my entire trip). Additionally, the website states that the Pavilion Patio Suite is good for dogs up to 100 lbs and my dogs are either at 100 lbs or just over by 5-10 lbs (combined). I think it is completely silly that they are so wrapped up in 5-10 lbs (max) of a difference and they are willing to lose a good customer.

I will state that I feel that ultimately, my issues lie with management, not the individuals who are in non-managment roles. I feel that management is loosing a good customer over a silly issue, and have used their employees to relay a message that really should have come from management, but I am holding firm and have found another place to board my dogs. Additionally, please don't state that you feel this is in the best interest of my dogs, when really this really seems to be about how to get more money out of the customer. 

I have since canceled my reservation and found a new place which will not only be saving me $200, but also allows my dogs to participate in open play all day, rather than being cooped up in a small room/kennel. Sure my new place doesn't have flat screen TV's that play Animal Planet, but it provides my dogs with all the necessities and a chance to meet and play with other doggie friends without additional costs.",2.0
"You want style?  You want selection?  You want clothes that have been respectfully honored for the wearable vintage art they are?  Go here!!!  The owner Richard is top-notch and knows his stuff inside and out.   My only regret is that I didn't have more days to visit...maybe that good thing, because honestly, I don't think I would have left the store.  If I lived in Pittsburgh, I'd be making weekly (maybe even daily) journeys to the store.
I'm an experienced vintage shopper and baby - it doesn't get better than this!  And the prices - very reasonable for the quality of the clothing, which is all cleaned and tenderly loved.",5.0
Shrimp cocktail is a must! Spicy with a hint of sweet! Excellent service. The price is a little high until you see the portions. Spicy salsa with chips is served after you order your drinks. Great margaritas and friendly staff.,4.0
"I went to Aloha nails before a recent vacation because I heard rave reviews about them.  I have very thin nails and have been hesitant to get artificial nails.  First of all, the do use dremels just like every other nail salon, and they are over priced.   I decided to get the pink and white nails and was told they would last at least two weeks, one was lifting within a week.  They are okay, but nothing spectacular.",2.0
THey now have half price sushi at this location too on Wednesdays.  Here they are moving across the street to a new bigger location.,5.0
"Great service, ambience, and drinks. However, I cannot see this restaurant lasting very long unless they make some necessary changes to their menu. Chefs at crujientes, please take notice. 

Short rib taco: meat too dry for a taco, not enough sauce and lacks boldness. Use blanco tacos short rib taco as reference. 

Crab taco: seemed like a crab salad that was formed in a stick and fried, kind of like a crab cake taco. Love crab cakes but for a taco, the crab should not be diluted with mayo and excessive ingredients. Keep the crab meat whole and simple. A fried stick of crab cake makes a strange taco filling, customers want that nice natural crab flavor to be in front of all the other flavors. 

Pork belly taco: needs a bolder sauce within the minced pork belly.  

Price: too high for the size of street tacos. I know a fantastic taco place not too far from your restaurant and it serves the best street tacos I've ever had for $1 each. Unless you give customers a reason to pick crujientes over blanco or the nearby restaurant I mentioned, say goodbye to your clientele. Both of these places are currently cheaper and better. 

You all have a great concept, just some modifications to price and food and you'll be well on your way.",3.0
Came here and the drinks were good.  It's a good place to get away from Freemont where you just want to hang out.  The bartenders were really nice and I really enjoyed the conversations that I've had with some of them.  Plus the drinks were exquisite.,4.0
"Our company had a trade show event at the Sands Expo and Convention Center and afterwards the bosses wanted to take us ""some place nice"". There was six of us eating here and the Italian food here is horrible. 

Your best choices are to have their pizza (might be slightly soggy), salad, or marinated chicken paillard. 

The pastas were under cooked, tasteless, and lacked substance. Their desserts are spectacular though, so  you might just want to forget having a meal here and skip to the desserts.",2.0
"Church St location: friendly, welcoming, and very reasonably priced. I never feel rushed and I love the big windows. The Vietnamese coffee is great.",4.0
"I went in on a Friday afternoon and was immediately serviced, the nail technicians are all friendly and are very good at their jobs. I got a mani/pedi for a pretty good deal and definitely got my money's worth with the preciseness and very high quality work! Will definitely be coming back to Tiana's nails regularly!",5.0
haha yes this place is the *insert adult word here*  but add to this i would have to say in all of my In N Out excursion Ive never had a bad experience always friendly and always make the best fast food burgers and animal fries around....needless to say if you haven't gone to an in n out.....well your over due.... =),5.0
"I was reading through the reviews and people were complaining about the price. It really isn't expensive compared to other Shabu places I've been to. There are plenty that will cost you $50+ to get the same amount of food as their geisha size. Just saying.
I've been a fan of Yojie since I lived in CA - it was also the less expensive of the choices for shabu. I must say this location out does itself. From decorations to menu to even the restrooms. Yes I am loving the restroom. Concrete walls! So modern. Waterfall sink. ooo fancy
Menu definitely is bigger here than the CA locations. The Salmon tho!!! You have to try it. I MEAN IT. TRY THE SALMON!!! It is sashimi grade so you can eat it raw and I sure did eat that thing raw. With or without the sauce. I drool just thinking about it.
For all you cheapskates out there, get the combo plates, you get more meat that way. And if you didn't know rice and sauce come with refills. That's right FREE REFILLS ON RICE AND SAUCES. Or you can take your cheap butt to melting pot and let see you say yojie is expensive after.",4.0
Good for kids 7 and under. We visit on days where the weather is nice and cool - easier on the kids. Very small but cute amusement park for the little ones.,4.0
"Hot Taco's overall rating on Yelp is pretty low, which I think is unfortunate. Personally, I've had several positive experiences there. Now, don't get me wrong... it's not outstanding by any means, but still, I'd say it's good and we go pretty regularly on Tuesdays. This is probably my favorite part about this place... Taco Tuesdays. All their tacos are $2 each, and they have a Mexican beer that is $2 as well as $2 margaritas (smaller than normal but still a decent size). Dinner (and drinks?!) for $8? I'll be there. 

Other things that I like - they recently added a salsa bar with 6 or 7 different types of salsa. It's got a really great avocado salsa, plus some others that aren't necessarily unique but still, variety is good and I think this new addition really kicks the whole place up a notch. Also, tacos can be served on corn, flour, or lettuce wraps. I personally go for the lettuce and I haven't seen many other places around town offer that as an option.   

Cons - service can be a little slow and parking there on the weekends can be tricky sometimes. But, overall, a good spot.",4.0
"Again we found them through restaurants.com, we had no issues using the certificate. The ice cream is pretty good, I was very happy to see that they had chocolate malt crunch from thrifty's. They also have amazing cookies! My favorite was the molasses one! We were only there to try desserts but they also have food. They have fresh made mini donuts which made the store smoky but it smelled really good.",5.0
"Have been to Lago on multiple occasions, and now will never go back.  I purchased a deal from Living Social where $40 gave you $80.  After we ate our meal and presented the printed coupon, we were told by the manager that they were not accepting these coupons from Living Social.  He told us that Living Social set the deal up illegally and they would not honor the coupon.  We were also told that we should have received an email informing us of this, and that our $40 should have been refunded to our credit card by Living Social.  We received no email, and certainly no refund.  I took exception to the notion that the Lago manager repeatedly took the stance that it was Living Social that made the error, and they were doing nothing wrong by insisting we pay the full amount of the bill.  It was, and still is, my feeling that Lago certainly could have taken ownership of this situation, and taken care of our meal.  Shoot, even if they'd posted a small sign at the entrance that Living Social coupons weren't being honored it would have been better.  After all, Lago entered into the agreement with Living Social as a method of attracting new business.  Unfortunately, to take the stance  that they were completely blamelss and nothing was owed to us was a slap in the face to to us, who were, until now, repeat customers.  In the spirit of customer service, this should have been handled differently, and as a result I will never visit Lago again.  There are many great places to eat in Cleveland besides Lago, and I'm sure they will appreciate my business.",1.0
"Great eats.  Walk in, observe the dry erase board for that day's selections, and the guy behind the counter will serve it up.  Massive portions even for the ""small size"" which, for the cheap at heart, is only $8 for an entree and side of beans and rice and cabbage.  The jerk chicken is outstanding.  It is carved when you order it (bones and all...so watch your chompers when eating).  Nice heat on the jerk chicken.  Brown stew is chicken based and delicious.  They were out of fried plantains so I was bummed.  CASH ONLY, MON.",4.0
"The good: so much original stuff inside, cool old bar stools, etc. In recent years the outside has gotten a lot more curb appeal too. The coffee is great. The waitresses are friendly. The food is better than average. The bad? Just one thing: DIRTY. Dirty as in they need to close the restaurant for two days, get some hot soapy water and bleach and cleaners, start on one end and make their way to the other. Is that so hard? I like this place and it has potential, it's definitely one of the oldest historic places in North Olmsted, but when you sit down for breakfast and have the urge to grab cleaners and towels and wipe down the blinds at your table, that's no good. They really, really need to WIPE IT DOWN and clean the place top to bottom. If they did that I would say it's worthy of five stars. I hope the owners read this and take it to heart but I doubt they will. It's a shame!",3.0
"Solid choice for Thai food. Great lunch specials at $8.95, appraiser specials in the afternoon until 7, and fresh, delicious food with a creative menu. 
We've been here 6 times, and make a point to stop here when in Vegas. The service has always been spot on, and the atmosphere is upscale, even a bit elegant.
I highly recommend this place if you are a fan of Thai food.",5.0
"Yes, the grocery stores are dirty, old, moldy, everything is scattered, choices are limited, freshness is not an option.....BUT, this really is all that Charlotte has so we can't really complain. The way I see it, if I can get what I need, then it's all good :)",3.0
"I live in the neighborhood, this is my closest post office. I cannot believe how incredibly rude and snotty these workers really are...I never have the same postage carrier twice, they don't come at any consistent time, they don't pick up my packages unless I go online and order a pick up, they don't always take my envelopes to go out. They NEVER attempt to knock to deliver a package (I work from home, so trust---I know this.) Going into the post office is like the BMV/DMV, the workers are straight up antagonistic and rude. I always approach the experience with a good attitude, I want to be wrong, but it always unravels before my eyes. I had a certified package that they NEVER LEFT NOTICE FOR come to my home, by the time I knew it was at the post office, I was beyond the 15 day deadline. I legitimately wondered how I go about getting that letter after the time period ends. I ask, ""ok, what do I do now?"" the guy says to me, DEAD SERIOUS,  ""Maybe don't wait 15 days to pick up a certified package."" Thanks. THANK YOU, d*ckhead. I could NOT believe I received such a snotty answer, one that I honestly did not provoke. At my last home, for two years in a row, I tipped my postal carrier $100 because no matter what day, no matter the weather or circumstance, he dutifully took EVERY piece of mail (somedays it was upwards of 25 outgoing packages) I ever needed and he was an actual human being who would do the right thing. This year---the ""tip"" is early and its a one star review. Maybe you're into be mad-dogged and snotty and sub-par ""assistance"", in that case---this is the place for you.",1.0
"I'm really confused by people's reviews of this store. It's not 2 floors, I think some of you have your stores confused. 

They don't have any dogs and sometimes they have a few cats. The birds there are adorable and well taken care of the cages are always clean. Same for the rest of the pets at this location. 

The staff there really knows how to help you out. If the person you ask a question to doesn't know the answer, they quickly get another staff member who always knows more about all their products then you ever could imagine. 

I've never had a bad experience at this location and all the pets they do have are in clean cages and are well taken care of.",5.0
"Had fish and chips (Halibut). The service was friendly, the food was good and price reasonable. The fish could have been bigger but still reasonable. 

I don't like how they serve the coleslaw and gravy in small plastic containers, is kinda tacky. Also the bottom of that fish and chips plate was a newspaper like thin paper which got really torn apart with the food moisture; I think I accidentally ate a piece of the paper with my food :(

Overall a solid 3 star.",3.0
"Not a good donut but not a bad donut.  The donuts are okay at best.  Someone told me I don't know if it's true that the donuts are frozen and shipped from different   location.  I think this might be true because they don't taste fresh.  The coffee was very good.

In a nutshell this place will do in a pinch.",3.0
"Great museum and fun place to bring the family especially during the summer. I have been here twice already with my girls and family and it doesn't disappoint. There are several floors and exhibits to see and interact with. Not only does the museum have an impressive dinosaur display, but also local culture, space, geology, gold mining, dinosaur bone digging, and history. The small indoor play area that has a tree tunnel slide is a great way for the kids to burn off energy while indoors. I have driven about an hour to get here and think it is worth the drive. My 2.5 and 6.5 year olds both love it and call it the dinosaur museum. Highly recommend bringing your kids and family.",5.0
Very underwhelmed by the experience. Waitress hardly paid us attention. Steak not cooked right. Had to ask for more bread. Salad took too long to come out I forgot it was even coming.,1.0
Blanca is the best :) my first time going to Rock A Do she cut my hair the way I wanted I'm so happy with my new look I will be comeing back :) thanks Blanca,5.0
Wasted my money in here a few times. Bad place to go if you want to buy anything interesting.,1.0
"I've used this auto body shop a fair amount over a 10 year period.   They do good work.   The only reason I gave them a four instead of a five is Phil.   Talk to Fran, if you can.   He is a lot nicer and more courteous.",4.0
This Del Taco is dope. Get them Tacos on that Deal Day. Hella tight. Open 24 hours in the drive thru. Awesome nice staff.,5.0
"Freestone Park is a must-visit if you live in or near, or are visiting Gilbert. The 100-acre grounds are beautiful, featuring a man-made lake and waterfall. An 1880's replica miniature railroad takes a quarter-mile loop around the lake, affording a views of ducks and geese. Bring some bread if you dare (the ducks can be quite aggressive!).

There are numerous picnic armadas, several separate playground areas -- so if one play area is being dominated by a snot-nosed bully, you can always move to a safer one. 

There are also basketball courts, sand volleyball pits, batting cages and a driving range, and a 22,000 square feet skate park.

But wait! That's not all! There's also an antique carousel, mini-ferris wheel, and a tot-sized ""wave runner."" Although there is a fee for the train, batting cages, golf & the rides, it is on par or below what other equivalent amusements usually cost. 

Finally Freestone Park is an excellent place to slide down grassy hills on an ice block. Of course, that activity isn't officially sanctioned, so try-at-your-own risk :)",5.0
The ladies in the front were very unprofessional. We came in to get a few things for a cookout. One of the items was a malt beverage. Well after both ladies looked over the malt beverage they told me and my wife we can't sale wine coolers on Sunday. They both weren't sure whether it was a malt beverage or a wine cooler. Me and wife got frustrated because this same lady(btw she looked like she just got out of bed with a scarf on her head)is always slow and difficult to deal with at the register. So after her and the other lady were having trouble figuring out what it was they were about to call a manager but we were so frustrated we left out and as we were leaving they told us to call Rite Aid. Well that's exactly what we did. Well the lady with the scarf answered the phone and when I asked for a manager she gave the phone to the lady that was next to her and she told me she was the manager. But I told her both of you were about to call the manager now your the manager? Yeah ok. I'm never going there again and that Rite Aid is right by where my parents stay.,1.0
This place used to be happening.  The food is good but the service really sucks.  The waitress was rude and negative on the place.,3.0
"I was watching this show with my bf kinda like celebrating the Vday since it's a combination of comedy and magic show, so it sounds pretty interesting!  The show itself was not bad, great for family (especially if kids are tagging along).  However, the reason I only gave 3 stars was because I was originally brought two tickets via Groupon which I got a decent prices for 2.  I even called to RSVP on 2/14 and upgraded to VIP seats.  The operator that I talked to was like since you have already upgraded your seats, there's no need to be line up and get there around  10-15 minutes before the show starts (show time was at 4pm).  So my bf and I got there at like 3:35pm and the front desk was like sorry ""ALL GROUPON TICKETS NEED TO LINE UP NO MATTER IF YOU HAVE THE GA OR ALREADY UPGRADED TO VIP""....i m like what the....Saxe Theater needs to have a better training with the phone operators, not like asking customers to upgrade but afterward, it's all on your!",3.0
"Stumbled upon Bruxie while walking in front of New York, New York, and so glad we did. The chicken and waffle sandwich was so awesome I had to order a second one. Highly recommend. Wish there were one closer to where I live!",5.0
"I went to Prime for the first time. It was good but maybe I was biased  because  we had Delmonico Steakhouse  the night before.  
The service was definitely  lacking. They would come by then just dissapear and would have to  constantly  wave them  down. While the bone in ribeye  was tasty it was smaller and about 20 % more expensive  than  Delmonico.  
They  definitely  know how to prepare  a steak.  I would  just expect  the service to reflect  the prices they command .",4.0
"My first appt was a complete waste of time & money... They overbook their appointments, so I had to wait 1.5 hours past my scheduled appt time.
I paid my $50.00 ""specialty doctor"" co-pay when I arrived... 1.5 hours later, Dr. Shahzad walked in for maybe 60 seconds. He took one look at me, insisted on new blood work & a new appt.
I rescheduled, left, got new blood work as soon as I could & returned for my second scheduled appt. After another ridiculously long wait & $50.00 co-pay, I finally saw the Dr for 2 whole minutes!
He put me on Synthroid, which I started right away & all my symptoms became 10x worse, to the point of wanting to just die. So of course I knew he was not the doctor for me.
I called the office back, requesting a different Dr, but the office will not allow me to switch doctors! Saying, they dont share patients... I dont want to see both doctors, I want to switch!
Dr Shahzad was not the least bit friendly, didnt listen to a word I had to say & was nearly impossible to understand... I do not recommend this office to anyone.",1.0
"First off let me just say the staff is very friendly... But it was strike one when we walked in and it said Japanese but we got Chinese Menus lol... But then we ordered the coconut shrimp and it was VERY underwhelming, but I hop straight to strike 3 when the ""sushi"" came out along with our other food, let's just say nothing was authentic. Except the Asian workers. For $40 we will not be coming back.",3.0
Fry's was very helpful when I lost my phone. The store manager Luis went through the security footage to help me in my process of finding it. Great customer service!,5.0
"Friendly staff and great adjustment! Took my teen daughter and They did a great job adjusting, explaining reason for pain and what she can do to help the situation going forward!",5.0
"So yeah, you pick a bowl of 3 eggs and you fill it with six toppings of your choosing. 

You can also get sides by themselves like waffles, pancakes etc., ...

I got a bowl of scrambled eggs with, sausage, two kinds of cheese, bacon and stuff, it was good and more than I could finish. 

Jacqui had a waffle with Maple Syrup and they rawked! All super fresh and cheap ...",4.0
"I would never go back to this restaurant. We came here with our kids in the late afternoon. The restaurant was filthy. The floor was covered in food crumbs and garbage. The glass windows to the kids play area was smeared and disgusting. There was food on the seats. It was so bad that I actually mentioned it to the boy who brought our food. He said he would clean it up. He came back with a broom and dust pan and proceeded to sweep up the larger items of garbage and that was it. He did not clean thoroughly at all. When our food arrived the chicken nuggets for the kids were so small that it was ridiculous. The people working there were friendly enough but I was grossed out by how dirty it was. I am sure not all Chick-fil-A's are like this, but I would avoid this particular location.",1.0
"This is my first visit to an In-n-Out Burger & it was a bit unique for a fast food joint. Quite nice on the inside with a VERY limited menu. We had the Double Double Cheeseburgers which were good (i.e., better than McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's, etc.) but not as good as Five Guys or Carl's Jr. The fries were nice and fresh & unsalted.

A fun place to visit, but only occasionally.",3.0
"I was expecting a slightly bigger serving when my bbq beef bowl arrived at the table for lunch.  For $5.95, I found the amount of white rice, cooked cabbage and grilled beef didn't satisfy me.  I'm thankful for the Yelp 10% off for it made lunch a but more digestible knowing I paid a bit less for this small meal.  Cabbage was shiny with oil, as with most Hawaiian fast food cabbage I've had here but the beef was good-hence brought my rating up to 3 stars instead if 2.",3.0
"My father and i have been with American familiy insurance for over 10 years and have had Jeff since then.I truly appreciate Jeff and his dedication on always trying to give you the best quotes and find ways to give you discounts. Also i had trouble trying to meet up with him due to my work schedule and Jeff took it upon himself to drive to my job and geg things done, not to mention its not a short drive. Im very pleased with his work.",5.0
Great shop Ian hooked me up. I had a meeting to get to and he did the job. Everyone there was cool we talked about a lot of sports. Definitely going back.,5.0
"Richardson's is consistently a very good restaurant.  I always find myself here with out of town guests who have never visited Phoenix, and most of the time everyone is happy.  The only thing that prevents 5 stars in my book is my most recent experience last night.  Two people in our large table ordered the same adovada dish and one person's had two tortillas on it and the other person's only had one.  No big deal.  The person who had only one tortilla asked for more and they brought out 4 more tortillas without question.  We were all happy campers.  Looking at the bill later, however, it turns out that the waiter charged our group for two side dishes of tortillas at $2 each ($4 total).  I know we are in the greatest economic downturn since the Great Depression and the restaurant needs to make money, but that equated to $1 per extra tortilla.  Talk about nickel and diming.  I will, however, give our waiter kudos for working with me to make the New Mexican Platter vegetarian.  It was delicious, as usual.",4.0
"I didn't expect much going to this airport since it was last minute. Also, I only have a paper copy of my ID and I have my credit card. They asked for 3 pieces of ID to confirm identity. I was given the green to go though however there was an extensive check afterwards. I was happy for that honestly because it made me feel secure and protected. I hate airport check on but this one was smooth. While I was being patted down I was glad the procedure was described in full before I was touched. While I was being search I had a conversation with TSA & I didn't feel so violated. We know how that can be at airports. I waited and everything seemed pleasant. I will say... I missed my flight they mentioned they called me on loud speaker but I never heard my name called. I could've been distracted. Nevertheless the issue was fixed no extra charge and no hassle. I stayed in the airport overnight because i didn't want to g through TSA again. I was uncomfortable not to many spaces to stretch out so I sat on the floor no one bothered me and the men who fix the lights and things were extremely polite and considerate. Food place and shopping stores close just before midnight or 11 pm i can't remember. Other than that I enjoyed my experience and everything was easy to find !",4.0
"I'm originally from Holland and love our greenbelt here.  As good as you can get in the US for safe cycling and low risk.  AZ unfortunately is well-known for its lack of cell phone laws and the roads are treacherous.  Having a safer path for my commute from Cactus and 101 to ASU and back is a huge opportunity to stay as fit as possible.  

My only complaint is the timing of grass watering in many of the parks.  Oftentimes in the morning light when folks are out and about and because of the flood zone location of the path, water accumulates on the path itself.  By watering late evening or early AM, perhaps the paths would be more clear when the lights come on.  

CAUTION: for cyclists - those puddles are common accumulation points obviously and underneath the surface, mud.  I crossed a 4"" wide patch of watch at a slight turn and dumped hard on the concrete.  A lot of road rash.  3M's Tegaderm patch is my friend!!!

Overall, I love our green belt.  We bought our house because of its proximity to the path and will always factor this distance if we ever move.  If the City of Scottsdale continues with similar pathway growth, it will continue to reign as a 1st class city!!

Love this green belt!",5.0
They do a very basic steam clean that doesn't really clean or deodorize carpeting.Do yourself a favor and find another company.I wasted my money.If I could have given them a half star I would've.,1.0
This is the worst managed place I have visit.  Waiting over 30 minutes for our order.   We should have gone to 5 guys.,1.0
"This place is a bit out of my way but definitely worth a drive as I am a huge fan of chicken shawarma. 
You can get a combo for $10, tax in which is a steal. Combo comes with chicken/beef shawarma sandwich, salad or fries and a pop. 
Considering its a take out place, service was super friendly and efficient. Sandwich was HUGE and stuffed with so many toppings and generous amount of chicken. Toppings were fresh and plentiful.

Will definitely come back for this combo when I'm craving shawarma. Maybe it's a good thing that it's out of the way, otherwise I would be here too often",5.0
"Came hear and saw Journey this weekend.   My girlfriend's family and I went.   I had never been here,  but I was impressed. 

I think the staff and management did a great job at the logistics of it all.   Drinks were a little pricey,  but that is a minor detail. 

The seating was awesome,  stage lighting was great,  sound was perfect,  and every seat seemed to be a good seat.   

Another minor detail,  staff should keep an eye out for random people taking empty paid seats that aren't theirs. 

Overall,  a great first experience.",5.0
"Everytime I call here I have a hard time having a conversation with the people that answer. It's loud, multiple people answer the phone, and I never know if they want my name/number, which ultimately makes me feel foolish and the desire to order from them again is gone. Today I ordered garlic knots and baked ziti. The ziti was fine, nothing special, but I definitely did not receive garlic knots. Instead, I got sort of donuts covered in garlic. They were fine, they just weren't what I ordered, and that's not ok.",3.0
"Fantastic food cooked with care and served by wonderful people.

The chicken schnitzel cordon-bleu is perfection. Close behind are the Swedish meatballs, and any salmon dish. All the sauces and gravies and dressings are beautifully crafted. There are a multitude of veggie sides to choose from, and you can swap a starch for two sides. The only dish I've tried I didn't absolutely love was the laxpudding, but only because it was a little too salty.",5.0
"The food is bomb. Atomic style. 

Ok, it's not spicy at all, but it is freaking delicious.

I had one hell of a goose chase trying to find some chinese food on this weeknight. It's past 9PM on a Monday, and I can't find anything decent. It's Scottsdale, so my only choices are: Panda Express in Mesa, Jimmy Woo's (no thanks, eww), or go hungry. I settled, and drove to KFC thinking that if I was going to settle for something other than Chinese, I could get a double down, and try and go all suicidal. 

Then KFC let me down by forcing me to wait 10 minutes because all their filets were frozen. Eff that noise. I drove around aimlessly and somehow stumbled upon Pita House. It was like a sight for sore eyes.

I've lived in Scottsdale for just over a year. I've been out and about in the area quite a bit, but for some reason I've never actually been to the Pita House. Probably because it does look a little weird. 

I guess I shouldn't judge a book by it's cover, because this place was awesome.

Tonight, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma with an extra chicken skewer. It came with a side salad. I was pleasantly surprised to find a very thick garlic sauce (very similar to the one at Zankou Chicken in LA, see my review). Amazing. So garlicky, citrusy, and perfect.

The chicken was moist and juicy. The kind that makes you want to put your mouth all up in it. Mmm hmm. Yeah. It's very nice.

My meal was about 10 bucks. I devoured everything set in front of me. 

If you are into Hookah, they have hookah specials from 4-9, and also, some sort of lunch special for Gyros.

If I wasn't moving away, I'd be here more often.

Next time I am in Scottsdale, I will eat here, and grab some Falafel. Seems like people like it.

Lastly, the staff seems very nice. The guy who helped me (I think he was the owner) was super cool and friendly.",5.0
"I needed to have a new remote made for my car on a Saturday, and they helped me quickly, efficiently and very pleasantly. Great place!",5.0
"If you're looking for great service and good food try ANY other Jack Astor's than Yonge and Dundas. 
Over priced food, slutty female staff and poor customer service!!

Any other Jack's would be fine but this location really let me down",1.0
"They changed how they remove calluses on pedicures. The liquid was caustic to my skin and left a chemical burn on the side of my foot. The only thing they did to acknowledge what happened was to spray rubbing alcohol.  I went there every two weeks for five years, and now they have lost me as a customer.",2.0
"What can I say.. I love Chicken Shack! The finger, the sauce, the fries. So stinkin' good. The staff is awesome. Great prices.",5.0
I love coming to get my nails done at modern nails! This was the first salon I came to when I moved out here and haven't looked back. I have tried other salons in Vegas and just loved modern nails so much more. My pedicure always lasts so long and the staff is lovely. Thank you! -Lexy,5.0
"I chose this place purely for the previous reviews. They were wonderful in service! I went in at 11am.. no one else there but myself and another patron. But why did a mani/pedi take over 2 hours.  I can see 90 min, but not over 2 hours. 

My pedi.. the guy did a great job, good shop talk, took his time and my nails looked amazing. My mani on the other hand... not so great. They had another older woman clean my nails and she filed so much that she started filing my finger tip...(ouch!) and it was uneven... no matter how many times she tried to fix it. Then someone else came to do the polish... started with the tips in then another gentleman finished the polish. It almost seemed like they were rushing because there were many more customers in the shop now. Then he started telling me how he and his gf had to go to the dmv etc... probably as to why he was late... blah blah blah. Due to labor day weekend and her license expiring the day before labor day... it was a big to do apparently.... but... what about my nails? Top coat finally being put on after 2 hours in the shop and my family is now calling me wondering where I am and why it has taken this long. 

It's not like I got a hot towel treatment or gel or no chip manicure... just your run of the mill manicure with cleaning etc... 

End result... disastrous! An hour later... bubbles bubbles bubbles galore! 

*Filed nails to fingertips- strike
*2 hours for a regular mani/pedi-strike 2
*Bubbles and not so great looking manicure- strike 3

** you're outta here! Sorry I will not be coming back.",1.0
"Very entertaining, justin has a nice body and personality. 5 hard stars all the way up",5.0
"This is a review from November 2014. Sorry for the delay.

We visit here often whilst on vacation/holiday. It's just around the corner from where we stay and the cafe serves some good diner style food. Tonight we ordered the calamari special to share, then both opted for the southern fried chicken basket. The calamari was a mix of rings and babies, which was fine for us. I prefer rings, and the OH prefers the babies. The chicken was very nice, with a tasty crunch to the coating, and no excess grease. The chicken came with fries and coleslaw, both were good. On this occasion we had a wait of 35 minutes to be seated. The desk person gives you a little buzzer, which goes off when your table is ready. We whiled away the time by playing a few slots and watching the football fans in the sports book get excited. It was quite entertaining, and the time went quickly.",4.0
"ahhh finally, someone brought over a popular restaurant style from Japan & Hong Kong to Toronto.  This place is very good and the food they serve is very unique, I don't recall seeing a similar style in Toronto prior to Aka Teppan. The selling point of this place is the way they bring the food onto the table, the meat is not fully cooked yet, and the customer can play a little chef and grill the meat to perfection (usually another minute or two should be good) and mix it at your own will.  So this style can be a double edged swords, some will like it, some will not.

There is nothing special about the envionment as it is very typical looking, so let's go straight to the food.  They serve a variety of foods, but mainly either a form of topping on either rice or pasta.  I tried both and I prefer the pasta option, reason being you can choose your own sauce and the ""Hand Grilled Pepper"" saurce is by far one of the best!  Very strong buttery smell and flavour and I personally love that smell and taste!  If you prefer the rice instead, I will recommend the Hamburger Steak, very tender and just by grilling it a bit more it's perfect!

I should also mention their desserts, very creative and although i know where that tiramisu in a pot idea came from, but props to them for bringing it over and doing a good job on it!

Although the price is at the high end, but I would still recommend people trying out this place, for the experience and the quality of the food they serve.",4.0
"Great soups, especially the green chile corn chowder bisque.  Salads are great as well, cold sandwiches, and breakfasts are above par as well.

Service is almost always excellent and their corporate model works well in training employees. Rarely an issue here.

Sourdough bread is great and I love the fresh loaf wedges served with soups.  The middle is soft and chewy like cotton candy, and the crust is exactly as it should be - very chewy & tough to tear with your teeth.",4.0
"My associate and I had a delicious meal of Fish Pakora, Aloo Tikki, Kahari Curry Lamb, and Jhinga Shrimp. Great, personal service plus a very nice conversation with the owner Danny. Great find on yelp.",4.0
"This DD's is incredibly clean! Especially compared to many of the DD's back in Boston (although those make the coffee better). I like coming here on Saturdays with my son. He gets a donut and juice while I get a coffee. There are plenty of tables, all pretty clean, and we color or do sticker worksheets together.

The coffee is just so-so here - but to be fair, I find that is the case with most DD's in Arizona. Today I tried the coffee with almond milk (thank you for adding a non-dairy milk to your lineup!) and while it was good, it was also cold. I dont know if the coffee was lukewarm or the milk was extra cold, I just don't recall having that experience of lukewarm coffee anywhere else, with milk or otherwise.

Besides that though, I can't ask for anything else. Clean place, good donuts, nice space. Our Saturdays run on Dunkin'!",4.0
"what's an arepas? i dunno. 

how do you pronounce it? i dunno. 

is it a sandwich? kind of. 

is it good? YES. how are there not more arepas places in the US.",4.0
"I have been to this CVS a few times and I am a fan.

The assistants in the pharmacy were very helpful and polite.  They were more than willing to answer my questions.  The cashier up front was also extremely polite and insisted on scanning my card before purchasing cold medicine to see if any coupons came up that could be used.  She was right in her thinking and i ended up saving money on my purchase that I otherwise would not have.

The store is very clean and the employees are helpful.  i will be back for sure.",4.0
"This was my first time at this office. The receptionists were quick in returning my messages and the visit itself was relatively short--great if you need to get to work. Additionaly, the woman who took my initial information in the patient room was very friendly and bubbly. 

Unfortunately those are the only positive reviews I can provide.  I chose to see a dermatologist over a primary physician because of skin conditions that run in my family. However, now I realize I should have gone to see a primary care doctor. The doctor did not ask about family history or any additional questions. He simply looked very briefly at the spot of concern and provided topical samples. While he obviously has more knowledge than myself, and the spot probably is nothing to worry about, I left feeling as if I wasted his time. His attitude resembled one that did not want to there. I contemplated asking about a couple moles, but he seemed to be in such a hurry to get out of there that I chose against asking any questions.

I will not be returning to this practice purely based on their lack of interest in the patient.",2.0
"Ray helped us navigate the menu and specials.  The atmosphere was definitely a Rainforest.  The food prices were comparable to Las Vegas, but the portions were large and filling.  Great dining experience, food, and service.",4.0
"Loving all these ramen joints in Toronto! One of my goals is to try all the ramens in this city. Although I had many bowls of ramen in Japan, Korea, and Canada, I still don't have a clear idea of how to rate them. They are all different. It all comes down to personal preference....
 When I saw chicken ramen on the menu, I had to give it a try because I love trying unique dishes (same reason for trying tomato ramen at Sansotei :P).

It was very flavourful! Noodles were cooked on point. I also tried their pork ramen (my bf's order) which was also flavourful and rich. We sat at the bar where you can see chefs preparing ramen. Quick and friendly service like any other Japanese ramen places!

Overall, it was not the best ramen I had, but certainly solid food. The biggest pro for Kinton Ramen is that they have several locations throughout the city, so no need to line up or travel far to taste their ramen. I don't know if there is a huge difference between different locations (apparently Sansotei locations do have a huge difference, downtown one being better than the one in uptown). If you don't want to line up for Sansotei or Santouka, come here!",4.0
No employees asked me if I needed assistance. I ended up buying several shirts. Prices were moderate at best. At least the quality of the shirts is good.,4.0
"We purchased a vacant foreclosure property through B&C real estate agent Barbara Newman at a bargain price because it needed TLC.  B&C property management handled all contracted maintenance and repairs for very reasonable rates and the quality of work was good.  Even with all the work, we went from close of sale to rented for profit within 90 days - and we were living 2000 miles from Las Vegas at the time. B&C handled the stress for us.",5.0
"Ate there on Saturday. Went in and saw 5 tables in the place and hostess greeted me and said 5 minute wait, goofed around for 5 minutes, then sat us. There were literally 5 tables in the whole place.  I looked at the menu and saw that the Admiral Feast went up in price from 16.49 to 19.99. When I got the food, WOW, it was Sooooo Small. Let's start with the details, there were 3 tiny pieces of fish in which 1 of them was half empty of the fish and the breeding remained, there were 7 shrimps that were pretty good, there were literally 8 pieces of fried clams, 10 extra small Scallops that were soggy and wet, and the last was the French fries which were pretty good. So, I complained and the Manager brought me 3 new pieces of fish and it was very good. As for the scallops and the clams, they were good but as I said, the price was way up and the portions were way smaller than usual. I only order the same thing when I go and I know how much the cost is and the portions by heart. I spent 20.00 for 7 shrimp, 5.5 pieces of fish in which I got after complaining of empty batter, and really good French Fries. The rest were merely tasters, oh and I forgot the cheese biscuits, I love the cheese biscuits. I know prices went up but to raise the price 4 dollars and reduce the portions to half, is just cheating. I went from once or twice a week, to once a month, to every 2-3 months, to probably never after this trip. Get it together while you still can!!!  Oh, the server was very good and got a 10 dollar tip for a 45.00 check and the reason for the 2 stars.",2.0
"Sammy's is a great neighborhood Deli that serves all of the hot food that Plaza-Midwood would need.
From their incredible breakfasts (even better when hungover) to their savory lunch entrees, Sammy's really knows how to pull it together.

My personal favorites:
Breakfast - Western Omelette or the biscuit sandwich (with sausage, obviously)
Lunch - Gyro Plate, Triple-Decker Club, or patty melt (when was the last time you had a patty melt)?

This is loved by all sorts of locals. Don't let it's exterior fool you, the food is just what you would be looking for from a local ""greasy spoon"".",5.0
"This is my comfort drink. You could cut this cut this little gem out of Chandler and pluck it anywhere in SF or San Jose and it would hold its own against any other boba place there! 

They have the traditional flavors like almond, and more ""exotic"" options such as lychee. Slushees teas and juices...they have a fairly good selection of concoctions. No, it's not as extensive as shops in Oakland's Chinatown, but hell, this is *Chandler* and A LOT better than I'd expected to find nine months ago! 

Now...the true test of a boba house - the quality of its tapioca! Some places have pearls that are too mushy, some don't cook em quite long enough and end up soft on the outside but too firm on the inside, leaving you a tooth-sticking mess while chewing (try not to smile during). 

Boba Tea House has near-perfect pearls. Not too soft (you can still use them as missiles should you choose as they do not stick to the straw), not too hard (your jaw won't ache). 

As the pearls are my favorite part of boba teas, this fact alone earns them five stars in my book! The first time I went here I'd lived in Gilbert for about 3 months. I was a bit depressed because school is all-consuming, and I was really homesick for SF food. I wasn't expecting much. After popping the plastic cap with my over-sized straw and taking that oh-so-satisfying first suck 'n' chew, my eyes teared and I knew I'd eventually find my gastronomic place here.

All hail Boba Tea House!",5.0
"(disclaimer: This is solely a review of the Tim Hortons drive thru at this OnRoute, as that is the only component I experienced).

So I waited in a long line to get tea and a bagel from the drive thru. Here is a rough transcript of my experience.

*pulls up car to window*
*silence, blank screen.*
me: :S
*I roll my car up a few inches in case I missed a sensor or something*
*silence, blank screen.*
*after a minute* person: ...Yeah, what?
Me: Oh, hi! Could I get a medium steeped tea, one milk, 2 sugars please.
Person: That it?
Me: Do you have any pretzel bagels?
Person: *sounding irritated* How do you want it??
Me: Uhh toasted with butter, please.
*screen still blank*
Person: $3.05, drive through.

....huh? Who took away those nice drive thru employees of many Toronto locations, who are polite and answered questions properly and repeated your order back to you?? I guess it doesn't matter whether they act pleasant or totally rude, they are still going to get a constant flow of commuters in need of a caffeine fix.",1.0
"Sometimes you hit magic. You know what I mean, that hole-in-the-wall joint that where you would never think to walk in the door, but somehow (for whatever reason), you go in that door, order some food, and you experience some of  the most amazing food that you've had in a long time.. e.g. Rollin' Smoke BBQ, Fat Choy etc...

OK, this is not one of those places.

This review is for the Asian/American cafe that is located inside of the casino. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but sometimes, it just needs to happen (if you don't believe me, go in this place and check it out).

I personally thought that we have moved past this type of food. Maybe like 20 years ago this might have been accepted as mediocre food, but now, I,Don't, Think, So!

I was thinking about giving this place 2 stars because the cashier lady was so friendly. And, she seemed genuinely concerned about making sure that I was alright. But, the food was speaking loudly too me, it was actually SHOUTING at me! So, here we go...

5$ Pho: Ok, lets talk about the broth. I'm talking Top Ramen here peeps. Like, water + powdered soup base. That's it. Mental picture here. Noodles: Pad Thai noodles. It looks like they weren't soaked and cooked properly, or possibly they were old because they had that slight woody taste.. The rare beef? Overcooked, well done (meaning past medium)  thick slices of flavorless beef. Finally, cilantro on top. That's all folks. Plus, i've had a tender stomach last night and the whole day today.

The owners seemed very nice so it pains me to do this. But I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I've been very fortunate to hit a lot of bullseye's in my foodie quest in Vegas. I've also hit some ducks along the way. Quack muthatruckin' Quack!",1.0
"If you are looking for talented stylists, this is your place. I come to see Joel and drive all the way from Vegas. First off, I am all about quality, my hair always looks amazing when I leave and still looks amazing four month's later, not to mention they have on going education that is mandatory for their stylist to offer fabulous services.  I love the atmosphere as well, all fun and no drama. Everyone here is friendly and makes you feel welcomed. If you are in the market to look fabulous then you need Salon Jo El, you will not be disappointed!",5.0
Pretty flirty girls and tasty hookah.   A little more than use to spending but it is near the strip so expected.  I am here on a Wednesday at 11pm and it's pretty busy.  The servers all tend to the guest really well and are friendly. I didn't order any food but the menu looks pretty delicious. I will definitely be coming back.,4.0
Food was ok.  Service was ok.  Nothing special.  Olive Garden equivalent.  Funny part is watching everyone in swim wear walk by on the way to and from the pool.  Some of those people really need to cover up more!,3.0
"This steakhouse was pretty decent. Everything was cooked to how we liked it but there just wasn't any wow factor. I felt it was a bit over priced for what we got while comparing to other steakhouses. Honestly, it really wasn't any better than Outback Steakhouse. Also our server just so happened to be the same server from IHop a few days earlier.
The best part of our night was when Stephan Hawking came (after an ASU science convention he spoke at) in for dinner with some other scientists!!!! Now THAT was pretty damn cool!",3.0
"Just closed on a house and needed the locks re keyed. They offered competitive pricing and were prompt. Re keyed house keys, fixed an old latch, replaced a knob, and even made copies of our mailbox key. Had everything he needed in his work car to do what we thought would just be rekeying a few locks, but ended helping us with other issues that were discovered. Highly recommend this service!",5.0
"Thank you Tony, have not had a set of nails in 8 yes. But my birthday is coming up and my friend gave me this gift, so far, so good.. Ill be going back...ill let you know in a few days",5.0
"Solid fast casual.  Mahi mahi with the tomato sauce was pretty good, not dry at all.  I loved the cole slaw!!!!  I think the concept is pretty cool, but the prices seem a wee bit high.  I'd like to try the steak next time.  The portions are solid and the food is a little elevated so it may justify the price if they are consistent and bring the same quality more often than not.",4.0
"This is a boutique style hotel by a main line hotel (Marriott) and from first glance, they seemed to have hit their target market nicely. This is clearly aimed at millennials and caters to how they live and interact. First, the check in is at a bar, and they offer you a free house drink when you arrive. The lobby has free games, pool, pinball etc and lots of communal areas. 

The decor is quite neat and the elevator is set up to take selfies- interesting. The rooms items are very comfortable and tastefully decorated. There is an actual working guitar and record player in the room. My room has vinyl from Miles Davis and James Brown, which is really neat.

As a business traveler, I look for a couple of things: comfortable bed, work space, ironing board and hangars. The bed is great, the room is clean and a good work space. They have removed the ironing board and made a communal ironing room- not for my taste. There isn't a closet or dresser, instead you are given pegs on a wall with a couple of hangars. Lastly, they use community soap, meaning one big bottle that stays between stays versus mini bottles. I person alt hate this in the shower unless I know they have been sanitized- and these do not show that. 

The room doesn't have a clock and the TV has about 5 channels, but it appears you can stream to the TV from your device. The lighting is nice and adequate and the bathroom is above expectations.

Lastly, the staff are all friendly and helpful.",5.0
Friendly employees. They were knowledgeable about the design of the different products and the differences among them. The cashier had great attention to detail and notified me (even tho the tag already said it on certain items) which items were final sale asking me if that was okay. Their bags that you get when you buy something are great quality and the large ones can be used as reusable grocery bags. Clean well organised store. Small men's section in front right and then unisex items in the center of the store. Fitting rooms available.,5.0
"Hurray!! Divine is now a Starbucks!! Always had good coffee but now it's even better. Market is well-stocked. We love the friendly owner, Candi and the patio is heaven.",4.0
"Whatever you do, DO NOT chose this place to do business with! I called them when my refrigerator went out to see if I could have someone fix it. When I first called, the ""owner"" seemed to be concerned & acted as if he really wanted to help, so he ""rushed"" to get one of his ""guys"" out an hour later! I was thrilled & excited that someone was willing to come out so quickly! Long story short...the guy came out ""fixed"" the fridge & charged me $400 & left. He claimed I had a 90 day warranty. A few days later my fridge went out again, so I called & the owner said that it wasn't his problem, & to call the guy who fixed it! Ugh??? I argued with him, that I couldn't get ahold of the guy & that it's his contractor! He said that wasn't his problem & the guy who did the fridge didn't work for him!! Why would he send a guy that doesn't work for him, to do a job? Bottom line, I got nowhere & the owner is horrible, & has horrible customer service! It's fraud!!! Don't bother using this company...find someone else!",1.0
"Just know that this is an Herbalife multi-level sales store. Their purpose is to sign you up as an Herbalife distributor. That's what the free shakes and free classes are for.

I'm giving the low rating because they aren't up front about their true business.",1.0
"Since my first visit to eat. I was dying to come back. I love everything about this little breakfast and lunch spot in Downtown Las Vegas. Customer service was just as good the second time around. I had to have the pancakes again and luckily, they serve pancakes all day now instead of just for breakfast because I went a little later in the day. They had this tasty new thing on the menu-deep fried deviled eggs! 

It's great to see the new Container Park across the street because there wasn't much of a view the last time I was in town. This will always be my go-to breakfast spot in Vegas. They're always busy but the wait's usually not long to get seated and for the food to come out. Customer service is great and the food is even greater.",5.0
The food and service was great until the owner of the place came up to our table and was absolutely rude to us about using more than 2 credit cards for a party of 11. We had no idea we couldn't use more than 2 cards and there was no point of her yelling at our table and showing how sad and ungrateful she was for anyone dining there. She ruined our entire experience here. I would never come back because of the way she approached us and even was rude until we left by talking to other patrons about us. So rude.,1.0
"This place was amazing!  Went there for breakfast 3 days in a row it was so good.  The staff was so friendly and the food speaks for itself.  They have amazing breakfast specials that go until 11am.  Delicious coffee, fresh locally grown produce and high quality ingredients make this a must if you are in the Las Vegas area.  Their customer service was great, which to me is very important.  This place is a homerun in my eyes!",5.0
"Deviled eggs.  Omg!! Not in the menu but delicious! Also, freshly squeezed oj was so refreshing.  Shrimp and grits was super tasty but shrimp could use a bit more seasoning. Had to salt the grits a bit but the bacon set them off nicely! Love that they have an electric guitar up front in the waiting area.  My friend sat down and played while we waited for our table. Would go back, for sure!",4.0
"first time having roti so can't really compare it to anything else. place had few chairs and tables but it was mostly a take out place... went there on a friday night and the there was always a line up of people getting take out! the service was fast and friendly as well, which is always a plus. got the boneless chicken and their regular size roti is huge! will be going back to try their goat roti and some more doubles :)",5.0
"Never thought I'd be writing a review on my college campus, but here goes...

The great thing about attending CSN for a few classes is the fact that they have 3 CAMPUSES: Cheyenne, Charleston, and Henderson. So you can pretty much choose a campus that accommodates your needs in terms of your location in the valley. So its easy to assume I chose to attend one of my 3 classes here at this campus because I work in the Henderson area =)

This campus is not nearly as big as Cheyenne or the Charleston one, but that's fine. I mean.. If you're attending CSN you're obviously not trying to go for big and fancy otherwise you would have chose classes at UNLV or go out of state, haha. This campus pretty much gets the job done. It's pretty small, but there's a good range of parking.

It's located right near a freeway which allows for easy access. I never have trouble finding parking here compared to when I went to the Charleston campus and I had a class there at the same time. 

Overall.. This place gets the job done.",3.0
"My husband and I were out of towners in the mood for some Pad Thai. We found Thai Emerald through Yelp and were totally pleased!! Nice and clean, friendly and wonderful Pad Thai! Would highly recommend!!",5.0
"Loved it! First time trying ube anything! Ordered the ube waffle with ube Thai rolled ice cream and meat lovers pizza egg waffle. 

This is a small mom and pop shop on the second level of the TNT plaza. The owners are very sweet. The man gave me the metal holder for my ube so I could take a photo. He knew!

The order took about 15 minutes to make. I paid cash. 

The ube waffle and ice cream had a subtle flavour. I wished there was more flavour, but as this is my first time trying ube, I'm not sure if it could be more powerful. I loved the Thai rolled ice cream. They did a great job rolling it. The egg waffle was crispy and soft.

I liked the pizza a lot. The sausage had a lot of flavour. The salty flavour of the pizza ingredients overpowered the egg waffle sweetness, which I liked.  We paid $10 and got a pop with it. The owner said ""it's not complete without a coke"". Not sure if this comes with the order, but he was right, the coke hit the spot with the pizza! 

The food is expensive here. We paid $23, but it's very big and filling so we didn't mind. 

Beware it can get messy so take some tissues! 
There's no place to sit here, but we went to arcade area at the middle end of the plaza to chow down.",4.0
"The cold buster shot does wonders! If you can be brave, it will make you feel much better!!!",5.0
"Having been coming to Piggy's for a few years, I can say that the food is consistently great and with the unlimited refills of side dishes, we always leave on a full stomach. The servers are also very nice and its an added bonus that they come around and help you grill the meat. My personal favourite here is the oogyupsal (pork belly).
If you're craving kbbq, this is definitely a step up from the ""all you can eat"" kbbq joints.",4.0
"Giving the ol' cow a break, I wanted to switch things up from the usual beed pho and tried a noodle soup with seafood. Not quite sure what I was expecting, maybe a spicy or otherwise potent broth but it came with a light/clear broth. The broth has a light oniony sweetness to it that was quite pleasing. It could very well have been the same as pho broth but regardless, not bad at all. Squid, fish balls, and one shrimp, as well as onion and green onion, fried shallot, bean sprouts and garlic chives rounded out the dish. Piping hot broth alone puts it above the other pho places in the area.",4.0
I really don't appreciate the way they treated us.. Really rude service and the owner was really disrespectful.. I was really disappointed they're usually a nice place and I've never been one to complain so this is quite the upset. The owner or whoever runs the front desk was so rude and really condescending.. Such a shame... This used to be my favorite sushi spot,1.0
If you are hungry and want a great breakfast you have to come here .. One of the best places in town .. You won't go away hungry ... Their food will satisfy !!! Only open for breakfast and lunch so don't wait to late to come try this place,5.0
"I had a slow leak and read Duke's reviews and, after a week with the leak, headed to the Southside. ""What do you need, hon?,"" one of them asked. (So like Pittsburgh.) After I told them, I pulled in, noticing the easy camaraderie among the guys. They saw the nail as I did that and asked me to take a seat in the office. I barely pulled out my iPhone when I was told they were done. $16.10, but he kept it an even $16. This place is a Pittsburgh treasure, something to experience.",5.0
"Solid food and good portion size.  Chaat papri seemed a bit pricey but overall menu seemed a bit over priced.  As different Bombay Bhels go, this one is much smaller and service was much slower.  Flavour was there.  Onion Kulcha was not as good and Hurontario and Eg location tho",3.0
The VIP service was awesome on time and friendly.  Far better experience than a cab or shuttle.  Highly recommend this.,5.0
"I came here for a quick dinner and I have to say the food was ok, typical cafe food style and quality. I ordered roasted vege sandwich with Italian bread. I have to say the flavor was pretty good but I wish they had a toasted option for me so I'm not eating a cold sandwich in the winter for dinner. also, I'm not sure if I saw eggplant in my sandwich, although its supposed to be one of the ingredients. I also got th tabbouleh because of many people's recommendation. I think it was way too sour for me and a little too dry. the portion size was very generous, but I probably won't come here unless I need something quick and ready to go. I'm also kinda curious about their desserts so maybe ill stop by next time to try the sweets.",3.0
Came for the weekend and It was pretty great everyone is helpful. I wanted to give a big THANK YOU to Francisco! He was I think the head of house keeping( I think). Long story short my friend LOST  her ID in the room. Her flight was going to leave in about three hours so it was crucial for her to find it. Francisco went above and beyond to try and find it. He FOUND IT !!!!! In the TRASH... mind you this was after they had already cleaned the room and taken the trash out of the room which means he had to go to the trash room to find it. THANK YOU FRANCISCO for your dedication and hard work! You made us want to recommend this hotel and we will be coming back!,5.0
"I got a pnd of shrimp w a potatoe sausage corn. And pnd of snow crab. I got the trifecta spice level 3....it was hot, but ill do that one again.  soppin bread is a MUST. LOVED it all. The Mule was refreshing. The Service was superb, went on a fruday at 5pm, barely made it b4 the dinner crowd, were seated immediately.",5.0
"We stumbled across Bonus Round a few months ago on accident and have been back now a number of times. The strip mall it's in doesn't look like much, but trust me, the bar is fun and unique. On top of the free arcade games, board games and console, they actually have an interesting drink menu with custom cocktails and from what my husband affirms, a decent beer menu. 

The only negative is that at any given time at least a few of the arcade games don't work. Yes they're free, but when you sit down with your drink excited to battle your husband in a California dreaming car race, only to find that your steering wheel doesn't turn, disappointment abounds. Even if there was just a small sign they could put on those having issues, it would set better expectations. 

That aside, I'd highly recommend Bonus Round if you're looking for a laid back, neighborhood bar with a twist!",4.0
"Again, I came again because I was craving a milk tea.  Please don't advertise that you open at 10 am and it's 10:22 in the morning with no one here.  Your open sign is even on?  I like you guys, but I guess you guys are only open when you think it will be busy.  Again, disappointed.",2.0
"I dunno...  the rest of the people at my table all had the Pad Thai, and all of them said it was excellent.  I had the seafood panang curry and thought that it was kind of dull and flavorless...  I really didn't like the presentation where I had to kind of help the rice find it's way to the curry and the seafood on the dish.  It looked fantastic, but when you aren't provided a spoon to do any pouring, it becomes a little awkward.

The service was great.  The iced tea was weird.  No WiFi...  Eh...  I've had better, but this restaurant was very convenient...",3.0
"We arrived at El Encanto at 7 for our 7:00 reservation and we were seated at 7:30, it would have been longer but we said we would sit inside.  The server was pretty nice and the margaritas were actually pretty good.  The food was about average except the pollo fundido which were delicious.  The fajitas were alright.  I think it would be more enjoyable at daytime as the lighting isn't the greatest and maybe another item would fit better than the fajitas.",2.0
"I came here for happy hour and sacrificed many different foods for my belly.  This is where I realize as an American, I tend to go with quantity vs quality and don't venture far from it- and this time I was very happy. Take for instance the New England lobster roll....very tiny! But wow! You take a bite and taste the fresh ingredients, the fresh seafood and the delicious thinly toasted Parker House Roll it is on....simply amazing. They have a wide variety of food, but that was the best. The fries=great. Some sort of devil egg king crab dish=Yum yum to my tum tum. Mac and cheese = delish. Cocktails were half off and the bartender was cool. You can tell he loves his job everything he made was outstanding. Great place, I wish I could go back.",5.0
"I've been going to Donna for the past 4 years while studying in medical school (just graduated, and sad to leave). I need to have a professional-looking haircut and Donna has never disappointed! She is an outstanding hair stylist! My initial impressions haven't changed since I first started getting my haircut from her: 
-From the moment you meet her, she is super friendly and easy to talk to. This was such an important point for me because you need someone who can understand EXACTLY what you want in your haircut! (Pro tip: always bring a picture!) She also checks in with you mid-haircut to make sure everything is the right length, etc. Also, she's fluent in English, Cantonese, and Mandarin!
-She has been cutting hair for years and it's obvious she knows how to cut different styles using different techniques! She also has a lot of experience fixing bad haircuts from other places. Great skills and professional equipment! Works frequently with both men and women.
-She is professional - her place is always kept very clean and she keeps good track of her appointments. I basically never have to wait, but when I do on very rare occasions, it's for less than 5 minutes. Also, she's very courteous about taking your jacket and responding to any requests. 

You won't be disappointed! =D",5.0
"This place is amazing!!!!!! Makes me want to do zumba everyday.  I tell all my friends that I can to try it out.  After purchasing the yelp deal, I definitely thought it was worth it to purchase a membership.  Eva is the best zumba instructor.  The hour flies by and you sweat your booty off.  So much fun!!! If you're going to try zumba, you have to try The Z Spot!!!!!!!",5.0
"I like to eat very basic foods and ramen bar does the basics right. I used to just get the ramen ramen but I've since discovered their wontons, so I now get the wonton men in a shoyu base with an egg. I get the bamboo shoots and bean sprouts on the side and no green onion because I do not like to mix anything with my noodles but meat. The pork slices are average, but the wontons are simple and delicious, the filling is just a solid piece of soft meat and both go great with the noodles.  The noodles are nice and firm and perfectly cooked, and go well with all of the meats and the egg. Even their boiled egg is so good I started to make my eggs like they do. The broth is so delicious that I can't resist the urge to sit and sip on it while waiting for my friends to finish even though I know it's unhealthy and I'm already really full. The portions are huge and satisfying. When I'm looking for a warm, simple, filling meal I always suggest ramen bar.",5.0
"This place is AWESOME! My brother lives in Phoenix and on my visit to him he told me this place was a must to go to before I would have to return to New York. We went on my last night in Arizona and it felt pretty magical. The waitress sat us right next to the window and we had a gorgeous view of the sun setting and Pinnacle Peak. I love the chopped off ties and next visit will bring an old tie just so it can join the mass.

When we got to the restaurant we were seated right away. I got up to use the bathroom, it was huge! Thank goodness a restaurant/bar finally got it right. Big bathrooms=no lines. 

On my way back I stumbled upon the restaurants rattlesnakes. Yes, live rattlesnakes. The baby, properly named Junior was all in a huss over me and coiled up and rattled that tail. What an awesome thing to behold. The mother could care less that I was there (and was probably sleeping). They look well cared for and it was a special treat to observe the beauty of wildlife.

I ordered a prickly pear margarita (we don't have those in NY XD) and I ordered the combo which was simply steak and chicken. My steak was cooked to perfection, medium rare. It cut like butter and wasn't smothered with seasonings or sauce. The chicken was fantastic as well. I was thoroughly delighted with both of them. 

My margarita was delicious! I've only ever had cactus candy that my brother brought for me on his visits back home to NY and it tasted like that in margarita form. This would be my go-to drink if I lived out here. I miss it already.

This is an awesome place, I cannot stress that enough. Good quality food, entertaining atmosphere, and really friendly staff.",5.0
"Very disappointed,  I went on their website and their menu looked delicious and I expected a lot (my mistake) I went in to the restaurant at 8pm (an hour before closing) and they were packed up ready to go home.  That should have been my clue.  I ordered their veggie burger,  chicken sandwich and fish sandwich.  When I get home I open the burgers and I was horrified. 

 The veggie burger had no portebollo, the tiniest peice of tomatoes (the end) and wilted lettuce.  The chicken burger had no tomatoes,  wilted lettuce and doused in mayo.  And the fish although fish was cooked nicely, had no coleslaw and doused in mayo.  We asked for pickles on all three burgers and didn't see a thing on either.  

I would have been better off at a fast food joint.",1.0
Seriously awesome food. Really slow service- but well worth the wait. Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had in a restaurant. Homemade jams and jellies. Yum!,4.0
This is my current favourite nail salon. I really think they do the best nails in the area! Also they try to make sure you're completely satisfied. Every time it's extremely relaxing to come here and I know when I leave my nails look great! If I have any issues they immediately do their best to fix the problem. Such as any minor imperfection although they do nails so well there's rarely anything to ask to fix. But even if something happens and you nick your nail or smudge it they are happy to fix it up for you.,5.0
"I really do like everything about the Venetian- even their shows. We sat in ""P3"" which was the rear/front side orchestra & balcony. The venue is fairly small so I don't believe splurging for more expensive seats are necessary. 

To be honest, a friend watched this show in NYC. I wasn't particularly interested in seeing this show, but he went on and on and on and on and on .... about how great the show was. 

Now it's my turn to go on and on about how great this show was. If you enjoy a lil nostalgia, you'll love this. This show features a great sample of 80's music such as Harden my Heart, We Built this City, Sister Christian, Waiting for a Girl Like You, etc. Songs you can't help singing along to :) The cast had amazing voices also.

The musical was funny, well written, upbeat, and highly entertaining. It's well worth the money for this show. If you're looking for a show to watch in Vegas, don't miss this!!",5.0
"I did my research when trying to find an electrician to wire our new shop, and man even with a lot of research and good reviews it was still a struggle. Dodge electric was one of the VERY few that actually answered the phone when i called. I got an appointment ti review the work for a quote quickly and a couple days later the quote came in. They were not necessarily the cheapest quote we received but the communication, accessibility, and professionalism was above an beyond what anyone else provided. 

They worked with us when we made minor changes, the work was done quickly, the clean up was fantastic. There were no upfront costs, be paid after the rough-in, the waiting for the drywall to be installed and then came back quickly to install all of the outlets, cover plates etc. 

I cannot say enough good things. We are very happy and highly recommend!",5.0
"Have used this location for years but Love this place. I bought my car a few months ago with full service and stuff. Yesterday tire was flat and had to us my compresses to fill it up but car still showing problem. took to dealership I bought it from and told too busy and go fill your tires myself and come back. Went to Discount down the street and Gabriel says yep pull right up and we will get them filled up. took 2 min, side note they had my fav radio station playing even turned mine off and on to make sure. he told me it was all good to and explained how the reader works for the tire pressure and the amount of years the sensors would last.  Even though i did buy a tire warranty for my new car at dealership and cannot take to this store, I just might void it and get my next tires here. Great Place",5.0
"Although the patio is really unique and a great place to hang I wouldn't recommend this place 
1. Tacos are expensive for what you get ($18 for 3)
2.  They need to train their staff better on customer service. Rather than standing around and chatting, they need to focus on basic customer needs. Like providing plates and napkins when served. 

Felt no guilt on leaving 0 tip on the bill.",2.0
I bought a Groupon for this and wish I never saw it!  Even if the food was FREE I would not go back.  The staff was half way pleasant but the place was dead and we had a hard time getting chips and drinks.  Service was horribly slow.  Now the food... the Mexican Pizza was blackened around the egdes and probably the best thing we had.  Their tacos were so wet that when you went to pick one up they bottomed out.  The chicken was flavorless and the beef even worse.  It had a horrible after taste that made you hesitant to even continue eating it.  Good thing is they had their liquor license.  Bad thing was I didn't get a drink!  I would probably still be waiting for it anyhow.  This place was a HUGE disappointment.  It wasn't worth it even with the Groupon.  We will never be going back.,1.0
What a disappointment.   The ads said voted best.  NO WAY.  Most everything we had was very dry and mostly tasteless.   If this is best in Vegas i feel sorry.  The golden corral is better.   Much better.  We had dinner. Maybe breakfast or lunch is better.  I should give only 1 star but i was in a good mood.,2.0
"I love CPK and almost always have a great experience. Their menu has expanded and hey offer a range of craft cocktails as well. 

Food: We ordered pepperoni pizza and chicken fettuccini. Both were good although the flavor of the fettuccini dish wasn't as light as it should have been.  Although it wasn't a cream sauce it came off as needlessly heavy. We wouldn't order that again. 

Service: Initially was good until I received a refill that was a Diet Coke instead of regular. Then it took about 10 minutes to get my pizza boxed. But the worst part of the experience was paying for the check. Within minutes of initially sitting down I informed my waiter I would be using Mobile Pay, CPK's new feature where you can create a tab via the app and pay for your meal right from the table. He acknowledged it, I gave him the code to link to my tab in-app, and I thought we were set. Once we were finished, paid, then exited, he comes running out accusing (not asking) me of not paying. I told him I used the app, and he says, 'no, you didn't.' At this point I'm getting angry because 1) don't tell me what I didn't do. He may not have seen or been privy (even though he should have been), but he cannot attest to what I did. 2) I showed him the receipt in the app and all of a sudden it comes to him. It was embarrassing and never should have occurred.",4.0
"I've been to Dolce many times over the years and always leave feeling beautiful. Today - another fabulous experience. I took one look in the mirror at myself today and knew I needed an emergency cut. I called Dolce's client coordinators and they squeezed me in pronto. My stylist, Paula, was everything I hoped for. She was friendly, efficient, and most of all - I look amazing. Love my cut, love the experience, love the service and products here. Great day.",5.0
"Happen to be on this side of town and was looking for a healthier sandwich place to take my dad to after leaving the hospital.  I found this restaurant on Yelp and we both found something delicious to eat.  Forget Subway and enjoy a handmade, fresh sandwich from The Sandwich Spot.  I had a Vegan (Vegetable) on wheat roll with their roasted pepper hummus.  DELISH!  I wish this place was on my side of town.",5.0
"On May 26th at about 1030AM 4 of us bought Sandwiches before boarding a flight to Seattle for an Alaskan Cruise. Since it was a 3 hour flight we thought we would eat the sandwiches on the plane. 
Couple #1 opened theirs before boarding and the sandwiches were totally soggy and bread slices with big holes in them. They returned them. Got a refund. Sandwich was disgusting!
Mine did not seem as bad but discovered the wet bread was from wet lettuce. I had a turkey sandwich fellow traveler had turkey cranberry. Landed in Seattle 2 1/2 hours later and I had FOOD POISENING. Extremely nauseous and actually slept for 16 hours and could not eat a thing. What a rotten start to a Cruise. This was a nightmare experience as I was sick for 2 days. I am still thinking of contacting an Attorney as your restaurant at Terminal 2 should be shut down.!!!!!",1.0
"Knew I had to go here after seeing the theme and giant blunt hanging from the wall. Next time I will get a blount size sandwich, but today just tried the 8 inch pinner. My order was for ""the Kind"", turkey/bacon/mushrooms and swiss. This was a great toasty sandwiich, best one I have in the toasted category. Lots of fresh toppings added as you yell out what you would like in the sandwich. Garlic herb Bread is clearly the way to go here. Of course of my first visit I had to try the snacks and ended up with a chocolate and vanilla rice krispy treat, which was unusual, sorta healthy and good for post session desert. This is my kind of place, it would have been back in college too. Some things never change. Alsom oipen til midnight.",5.0
"Nice job done on my refill for my gel nails...clean atmosphere, including the bathrooms..except, it was a bit too overpriced..I paid $45 for a refill and to shape them up (no other issues like any broken nails to fix)..I think that's a tad bit pricey for the service done. The lady who was doing my nails was doing a good job until her next appointment showed up, and then started rushing with me. The right side of my nails didn't look as shiny as compared to the left hand..so overall, I think it was a decent job, but pricey for a refill and a dull job towards the very end of the service. Other than that, my nails were on point..I liked the way the lady shaped my nails, as I requested the ""coffin shape"". Another good thing about this place is that they close late..11pm everyday if I'm not mistaken.",4.0
"I was excited to check this place out because of the reviews. As someone new, who hasn't been a customer before, or who is just getting a simple full set, I wasn't impressed with the customer service provided. I decided to get a full set of acrylics. The guy who did my nails kept cutting my skin with the nail file, and cut one of my finger nails way too short to the point where it started bleeding. I wanted a coffin shape, so they charged me an extra $5, but the shape was so deformed. The shape of my nails didn't match each other whatsoever. Would not go back.",1.0
These guys were sent out from my home warranty company. I'm always a little nervous when I don't get to pick contracts myself after research but I needn't have worried. They were very helpful and arrived at their scheduled time. I'm new to pool ownership so bombarded the tech with lots of questions which he patiently answered. They didn't have the valves with them to fix what was needed so we arranged another date for the repair and they handled everything with the home warranty company. There was another job i wanted done which wasn't covered by the warranty and they provided a very reasonable quote for that work which I accepted and was done at the same time. My booster pump was also not working which the warranty didn't cover. I asked about getting a new one but the tech recommended i get it repaired and told me of a place to go - that piece of advice saved me hundreds of dollars and Perry's Pumps is an awesome place too. I appreciate that kind of honesty when he could have easily sold me a new one and i would have been none the wiser. On repair day they were on time again and the work was completed swiftly and completely. This was at the beginning of the summer and now after several months use I can say there are no issues with the work - everything is working great. They will certainly be my first consideration for any future work or upgrades I need!,5.0
"David Soyk, my salesman, was exceptional. I have ordered lots of new cars over the years, but David's depth of knowledge of the product and the subtleties of the ordering process was absolutely outstanding. My new Macan S even arrived ahead of schedule which just added to the experience. Overall, the vehicle is awesome, David was spectacular, the experience fantastic, and if you haven't been to see this dealership, you should, because it really is a special place.",5.0
"Friday night fish fry!  Fish is very fresh and delicious I especially like their fish tacos but beware their chipotle sauce is very, very hot.  If you are hot sensitive get it on the side.  Good salads too.  I always drink iced tea theirs is terrible get a soda.",4.0
"I have been here at Luxe Scottsdale since January 2016.  I work out of the house so I am here all day and see most everything going on. There have been two previous management companies here.  Each had their issues.  Its a complex facility with many tech innovations and amenities.  Many apartments have Bluetooth wireless speakers and access to fiber optic Gigabit Internet  (1 gig download AND upload, for my geek friends).  The location cannot be beat, close enough to Old Town without dealing with the party crowd late at night.  Its a $3 Uber ride to Old Town.

While others have had complaints about the previous managers, the new team from Greystar are amazing.  Each and every one of them is going above and beyond to to make the residents happy. From simple things like cookies, a nice, clean coffee machine and doggie treats in the lobby.  Erick and Julia know my name and greet me warmly each time I enter the building.  I feel genuinely welcome every day. Dan, the property manager, is simply amazing.  He really cares about the residents and the property and that comes through in every interaction.

The new team is actively fixing the issues from the past, like slow package delivery, better parking concepts, like everyone getting assigned a spot, versus the previous companies policy of charging for a reserved spot.  They are really listening.  The maintenance crew led by Marcus is hard working and right sized for this property.  They are quick at resolving issues and keeping it clean.  The lobby is mopped everyday and the halls every week ... trust me there are a lot of halls to clean. The most important thing to me is that Luxe is a very pet friendly property, with doggie bags at every outdoor trash receptacle and a free, professional style dog wash station.  The residents are almost universally friendly and motivated in life.  Great energy here.

Couple of pet peeves. The lighting in the bathrooms is not optimal for showering, so I got a sheer curtain from Hookless which has a see-thru panel across the top.  Problem solved.  Some dog owners are not actively cleaning up after their animals.  Bad owners not bad dogs.  None the less maintenance keep the place spotless.

Since I work from the home i am pretty picky.  Its very quiet and the apartments are beautifully finished which makes for a productive environment. Overall, 5 stars because of Dan and his great team. I am delighted to live here.",5.0
"Incredible, fresh, creative food. Quiessence takes the farm-to-table concept seriously, and every dish we tried played up the flavors of its ingredients. We went with the tasting menu, and each course brought something unique. 

The place itself has a romantic and quiet atmosphere that is very relaxing, both indoors and outdoors. The service was friendly, personal, and efficient. Very nice wine selection, as well.

It is pricey, but well worth it. I would highly recommend for an occasion such as an anniversary.",5.0
Terrific Thai food.  I love Thai food and have been to Thailand over 20 times and many times disappointed with Thai food in the US.  This place is very authentic and the foods are  aromatic.  The restaurant is very comfy and nicely decorated but not fancy.  Highly recommended,5.0
You would think something that has MGM on it would be excellent quality. It wasn't that good at all. Not worth the money or calories. Don't go here!,2.0
"I prefer this one to the one on Eastern/Sahara (this one's closer to us) because it's not as crowded and less ghetto. Many seniors shop here. Oh and noone's selling stuff I don't need like bootleg dvds or tamales- I'm serious this is what you expect at the other one. I used to take my mom to that other one and I hated going there. And the panhandling in front, too. For the record, I didn't like the one on Flamingo/Pecos either- that was the one we would go to, before the one on Eastern/Sahara opened up.",4.0
"Worst place to book especially having a time share with them. This happen to us twice. Don't EVER book with them In the middle of June when there is EDC and IBS that week, they will give your room away to someone else! First time they did that we was sent to another place with roaches, recently for the second time they gave our room away to someone else when we noted ""late check in"" and same thing again. Customer service is the worst always acting like that can't do it or fix it. I don't recommend this place to anyone unless you like bad customer service and roaches. Will never stay there again learn our lesson the second time.",1.0
"This place doesn't really deserve 1 star but I needed to balance out the inflated scores other people are giving. It has been so incredibly hyped up that people who can't tell the difference between great food and average food will be compelled to give it 5 stars based on ambience and reputation alone.  
Yes, the atmosphere was farm-chic, but that also brings an air of snobby when you're close to Summerlin. That justifies them serving up extremely overpriced dishes that are average at best.
Don't get me wrong--I'm willing to spend the money for quality food. I've paid $1800 for a sushi meal for two before that I felt was worth every dollar, but the whole experience here left a sour taste in my mouth.",1.0
"Just got back from Vegas.  We wont talk about but what I will talk about is the treatment I received using Surreal.   Now Im not a rich guy by any means and I was treated by Surreal like I was a vegas shark. Thank you Surreal for showing us the real vegas and the VIP hook ups you were able to arrange.   If you going to Vegas and you want to be with the in crowd GET IN TOUCH WITH THESE PEOPLE.  

Danny owner Chicago Land Bus Rentals LLC.",5.0
"First of all, this is not a traditional pizza. If you like a sweet sauce and crispy crust, this place is for you. They also use a crumbly sausage that is great. I have been getting this pizza for over 25 years and it is always consistent. 

You will either love it or hate it, nothing in between. Just remember, they have limited hours, no delivery, serve only pizza, take out only..... And they have still stayed in business for over 25 years. That has to say something about the pizza.

Unfortunately, they have really funny hours. That is the only reason I gave them four stars.",4.0
Alcohol+video games=Always a great time! Great selection on arcades and pinball machines. They even have a Super Nintendo next to the bar,5.0
"If there's a better independent mystery bookstore than Poisoned Pen, please, please let me know! 

I discovered these guys many years ago in their old location, during a baseball Spring Training Arizona adventure. There were a lot of those and I'd guess this was about 2000-ish. Anyhow, I jumped on the mailing list and signed up for their excellent newsletter. 

Michael Connolly, my favorite LA mystery writer, is signing at the Poisoned Pen today, but I'm in LA. So sad....I saw all of the books stacked for him to sign and would guess he probably has carpal tunnel syndrome by now. 

Anyhow, I digress. The bookstore has a wonderful and knowledgeable staff who really know their authors. They carry  a wide variety of authors and the staff is really good at locating new authors. 

Check out their website, if you can't make it to Phoenix!",5.0
"I don't write reviews, but Kristy deserves one. She is amazing! I am a flight attendant and have my nails done many places, I've never found one I want to use continually. Now, my search is over. In Vegas, I've been to several places and they are so awful; they are rude, unclean, etc. Her one-woman-shop is clean, and very nice. She's the sweetest lady and she works so hard. She works through her breaks, which everyone needs. She takes the time and does the job so well to such detail! 
You do have to have an appointment as she is in demand. 
Thanks, Kristy, you are awesome! I my!",5.0
"Love this place! Always go to Gracie. She is so sweet, I always leave happy and with perfect eyebrows! The girls at the front desk usually aren't very friendly but that seems to be the only down fall!",4.0
"We had a wonderfully romantic evening at James Place. It looks so unassuming from the road but it is full of atmosphere and great food. While it is known for its variety of fine wines, their food is surprisingly good. 
The menu is a little limited but there is something for everyone. 
We loved the quite alcoves for seating inside the tavern and we have returned to sit outside in their courtyard. 
The parking is limited but that is the only downside. 
I rate it 4 1/2 stars   
BWH",4.0
"What a sorry excuse for a restaurant.  Dark, dated bar for the over 50 crowd that happens to also serve food is more like it.  We had the three tacos (chicken and beef), and the sizzling chicken fajitas.  The meat was so tough as to be almost un-edible.  The tables were dirty.  The service was slow. The waitress was however nice, too bad I came here to eat, not to make friends.  One trip pony for sure.",1.0
"Legitimately good food, and a great atmosphere. Come for bbq Sundays and try not to get grey out on good craft beer. Haha",5.0
"The first time I visited TCA, I went to an open mic night for musicians, and it was then that I realized what great talent and support we really have in this city. Not only were the people pleasant to be around, but they were so open to newcomers. How cool is that? TCA is such a beautiful building, so original---you can see water literally everywhere. The lake, the running cascade of water, people watching, and the abundance of birds that fly about. This is one of Tempe's gems!",5.0
"Sally Warnbrink is a remarkable esthitician to have a session with. Her sessions are heavenly experiences. She not only makes you beautiful on the outside, but brings forth an inner beauty so that one leaves with an inner peace and serenity that is priceless. I consider myself most fortunate to be one of her clients.",5.0
"What a great store! Bought two dozen blue crabs over 4th of July and they did not disappoint. This was our 4th or 5th time ordering crabs and each time they were excellent. Growing up in Baltimore, I was glad to be able to get a taste of home here in Ballantyne. I would HIGHLY recommend this store to anyone!",5.0
"Though I love so much of what Butterfly Wonderland has to offer, they simply MUST do something about the pervasive smell of sewage that greets you the moment you walk in the door and in other parts of the building (also outside near the parking lot). I won't be going back until I hear they've solved this awful smell and whatever is causing it.",2.0
First time I needed to get my fingerprints taken. This place had quick service. The lady at the front desk was helpful and friendly.,5.0
"Met Dan the owner, Super friendly, very knowledgeable and passionate about his comics!  Takes pride in the grade quality.  He just moved into the Indoor Swap meet all the way in the back right corner.",5.0
"The food here was good but the service was not the best. We came in on a Friday night and apparently we had a newer waiter that was inexperienced and was a bit slow. He did apologize at the end of the meal and I was thankful for that.. 
 The beignets were super good!",3.0
"Surpassed and exceeded my expectations! Dreams are realized when you put your trust in an establishment that exudes excellence. Danielle has been instrumental in the arrival of my wedding ring. Danielle understood the emotional power this piece had for our family. She and the Coffin and Trout designers exemplified passion and  diligence to make our dream a reality.  There is truly a long story behind the production of this masterpiece. It was of the utmost importance for us to create a family heirloom (the first) for our newly blended family that seeked to preserve our treasured love for one another . This custom piece expresses that, and more with breathtaking brilliance and classic design. Words aren't enough to express our sincere gratitude for all you did.  I will always recommend Coffin and Trout wholeheartedly to my family and friends.",5.0
"Went to Fox & Hound on Friday night for Paint Nite, a canvas-painting class that travels to different locations around Charlotte. There was plenty of parking, so I had no trouble getting parked and inside. When I walked in, I was immediately greeted by a staff member who directed me to the area where Paint Nite was set up. This was great!

The restaurant itself is huge, but the bar area is pretty small. Once I got situated for Paint Nite, I went to the bar to order a drink and it was a solid 7 minutes before anyone was able to help up. The designated Paint Nite server approached us and took our drink order so we could take our seats and start painting. I appreciated that. But it was about 20 minutes until we got our drinks, and they actually lost my drink order so I had to reorder and wait another 10 minutes for my beverage. 

When I did get my strawberry watermelon margarita (that was only $6, BTW), it was delicious and refreshing and not too sweet (thumbs up). They were much more efficient with bringing our checks and closing our tabs. I did not try any of the food, but it looked and smelled really good.",3.0
This is my second time here. The first time I had an amazing hamburger great crisp fries and the ranch dressing isnt that cheap watery kind. Came in today we got lunch specials I got spaghetti and meatballs and my husband got a gyro... 6.95 was the prices for our lunch specials can't beat that!!! Had a really great dinner salad with it.. It was a small but big enough for us to share. The spaghetti was standard not great not bad. He loved his gyro. They have a great menu and the servers are always nice. I can't wait to try more of the menu,4.0
"Money well spent!  That pretty much sums it up.  We just recently moved into a new house and I started painting my kids room but I just didn't have time to finish what I started plus it was hard because my kids were painting their names on the wall every time I turned around.  Since I had to get some drywall repaired because we replaced our stairs, I figured I would just hire a professional to do it all. 

The overall process was great from start to finish.  I got a call probably within an hour after leaving my info on their site to get a quote.  Adan came over the following day and provided us a quote.  After negotiating on the price, we were all set.  

Aldo came in on a Sat. around 7am and this guy was awesome!  He took about an hour just to cover the floors and tape the walls so from there I knew he was very meticulous with his work.  The owner also came by just to check up so I thought that was pretty cool.  Once the painting was done, his wife and friend came over and helped clean up floors and to remove tape, plastic and etc and they did a wonderful job.

Overall, we had a very wonderful experience.  My kids love their new room!  I know I wouldn't have done half the job Aldo did.  I definitely would recommend Fresh Coat and would use their services again in the future.",5.0
"This place is as good as every review I have heard since moving to the neighborhood.  Crispy Eggplant Bites with citrus-red pepper relish| goat cheese | arugula| tomato jam | red wine vinaigrette | balsamic reduction = YUMMMMY!

The Original Griddled Corn Cakes with black beans | grilled chicken | jack cheese | salsa fresca = HEAVEN!

We'll return again and again.",5.0
"The reason Essence of Life gets 5 stars is not because it's posh, lush, or has every single item I could ever need (altho I haven't checked that yet).  It's because it's prices are SO FREAKIN GOOD!

I feel like an idiot for spending so much at the Big Carrot, Whole Foods, and Loblaws when I could just come here and get all my house and personal products here.  My girlfriend told me that the Diva cup is $10 cheaper than elsewhere!  My Gioavanni shampoo is $6.99 instead of $9.99.  All the products we use are significantly cheaper here.  How do they do that?

If Honest Ed's could own an organic shop, this would be the place (altho, without the huge, sprawled out chaos).",5.0
"The food is good and cheap, but the service absolutely sucks and the whole ""roach running across the floor"" thing they've had going every time I've been there just doesn't do it for me. If they cleaned the place up and had some customer service training, I think they'd be great, but as they are they're trying to make cookies out of just eggs and flour.",1.0
"I came to North Carolina to visit two friends that were celebrating their birthdays. Somehow we lost a whole buch of us in this bar. I stepped out by the cashier station looking for my friends, I came back in. the guy Huegh at the cashier said that I need to get back at the back at the line. I told him that I've been here for more than two hours. He keep telling me to get back at the line. So I showed him my receipt. He didn't care. He tells me that I'm too old to be out in this club. WTF??!!  I told him that I'm F#*%ing 35!!! What an ASS!!! If this is NC hospitality, people that is visiting.... please beware!!! Especially at Suite!",1.0
"I was very excited to try out this dumpling spot mainly due to the raving Yelp reviews, some have even claimed this place to have the best dumplings in town. To be honest, I wasn't impressed and the food was a total let down.

We ordered the Juicy Pork Dumplings (steamed), Pork, Shrimp, and Melon (pan friend), and the beef spring onion wrap. 

The pan fried dumplings were not very good, it came out on a plate upside down and all stuck together, it really reminded me of how I make my own at home, but I would expect better from a dumpling house. The skin was thick and extremely starchy overpowering the filling which just resulted in a bland taste.

The beef green onion wrap came out cold and the green onion pancake was kinda stale.

The juicy pork dumplings were my true test as I have had this at many places around the world. And sad to say it too was a disappointment, these dumplings should have a very thin skin showcasing the delicacy of the hand work that went into it. Not only that but they are suppose to be juicy meaning there is some soup inside the dumpling. When it came out I can see that majority of the juices had leaked through the dumpling when it was being steamed, also a sign that the skin is not very good. The result were dry dumplings.

My apologies to all the fans out there but this place did not impress and it certainly didn't warrant a second visit. My tip if you want Juicy Pork Dumplings and Beef Wrap, Asian Legend is the best spot to get these items in the area. It has even been confirmed by my finicky better half who is Taiwanese.",2.0
"Had a great little dinner at this cute spot in Parkdale.

Ambiance/Decor: 
Really chill spot and looks like it's more suited towards a date spot or dinner with some friends, rather than a big group outing. We went there for a relatively early 6.30pm dinner on a Friday, so it wasn't too busy while we were there, and was just picking up as we left. They were playing the new Tame Impala record (at a reasonable volume, not unlike some other Parkdale restos I know!) so that was definitely a major bonus. Really nice decor all around and cool open kitchen concept. I loved the Chantecler sign and floor tiles too! 

Service: 
All around no complaints. The server was attentive, helpful and not pushy. 

Food:
The menu is small and focused on ""shareables"" so IMO best to come here with at least 1 other person, but not more than a group of 3 as some of the plates can be smallish (and because I'm selfish that way, haha). It's a fairly eclectic menu - popcorn shrimp definitely being the standout dish! It was a really good and tasty snack - the seasoning was on point. The beef tartare was very good - perhaps a tad too much wasabi as pointed out by other yelpers - but very tasty combo with the shrimp chips. The kale salad was just ok - a little uninspiring compared to some of the other offerings here, but maybe that's a good thing in the end. The hit was definitely the fish wraps. The haddock was perfectly battered and fried and the tartar sauce was oh so good. My gf had to order seconds. 

I would definitely go back but would try everything we missed next time around - so pork wraps, spicy wings, calamari and perhaps the lettuce meal - which sounds very tasty.

Cost: 
I don't always put this down on yelp, but our total was pretty easy to remember for this night ;) It was $100 on the nose with tip included. We had 3 fish wraps, beef tartare, kale salad, popcorn shrimp, 2 glasses of wine and a pint of the draft beer. Not too bad...

Overall, it's a great little spot if you are looking for a cozy, ""sexy"" vibe. Definitely a great date spot for the fellas if you are trying to impress your lady - but also a good spot to catch up with some close friends.",4.0
"Chandler apartments is an amazing place to live.  I've lived all over Vegas; sumerlin, Henderson and downtown.  Chandler is a quiet/young professional community.  There are very few little kids and ZERO disturbances.  It's central to a lot of great amenities.   Chandler screens all its tenants, so it's all professionals.  The office staff is on top of stuff like no other.  Most of the time the repair guy was at our place within one hour of calling.  

Ask for Francis, she is the office hottie ;).   The office staff bent head over heels to take care of us while we were there.  There were no hidden fees, no BS and the move out was so easy.  I've had nightmares in the past when moving out of an apartment.  The actually apartments are so nice and clean, all new/state of the art appliances.   The pool area is the nicest apartment pool in Vegas by far.  It's open till twelve.  It's such a nice ambiance to kick back after a long day.",5.0
"Walked in last night and was pleased to find they had staff and time for a mani and pedi and a happy attitude to provide this service just 2 hours prior to closing. Clean, comfortable and detail oriented. Tech was not OVER friendly but I did see plenty around me laughing and having a good time. It's just what I needed for a quick visit as an out of towner. Pedicure was divine and relaxing. Cost was very fair.",4.0
"First of all a big Thank You to Yelp for it's iPhone app!  I was traveling from San Francisco via San Diego to Phoenix on our vacation and was in desperate need of a pedicure on short notice.  Danny at Biagio's was amazing and had my feet looking amazing for a wedding we had that very night! 

The staff was friendly and the salon was by far the best looking I've seen comparitive to our local Burke Williams Spa in the bay area.  The prices were very reasonable and I highly recommend the salon to anyone!",5.0
"Tucked in the mythical spaceship complex in Ballantyne is Jade, on the second floor. It's not flashy, it's not modern, it's not fancy, it's just a nice sushi place. And the food certainly reflects the decor.

Overall, Jade is good, and I'd definitely recommend it for a more ""upscale"" sushi place. They have a good selection of sushi (some of it IS pretty unique, like the Dragon's Egg, which is a big rice ball with some sushi-like things in it), and the quality is pretty good as well. I've never had a problem with service either, but it's just missing that one special something to propel it to 5 stars. 

I will say that the outside seating is nice, and the string lights that hang down from the patio are a wonderful touch. I'd tell you what I recommend from their menu, but I can't access their website for some reason? Maybe someone should get on that....",4.0
"5 stars because it is the only sandwich shop worth revisiting. All the other major chain sandwich shops are the same, nothing special. I can make those sandwiches in my own kitchen (probably better ones). Not Ike's though, his sandwiches are one of a kind.

This location is relatively new and the service was a liiiiitle slow but the food was worth the wait! I ordered the bbq roast beef sandwich and it was oh so good. Generous portion of meat, appropriate portions of all the toppings and the secret sauce mixed with bbq sauce? yes please!!",5.0
"We absolutely Adore Catherine and Jose...they are the warmest people and make the best food!!!  My Dutch husband toook me there for my birthday tonight and we were greeted by Kevin like we were old friends or family.  Catherine knew we were coming but unfortunately had to leave. But, she made sure that Kevin knew we were special and left some Great Dutch treats and extras for us!!! You see, she is Dutch heritage as well, so her and my Dutchman fall into their comfortable first language and recognition of the ...old country!!!  The food was spectacular, Kevin is a Rock Star waiter,,,,really,,,and Jose didn't mind sharing some the treats that came from Holland by way of his mother-in-lain a care package!!

Thank You for making my Birthday extra special and feeling like home!!",5.0
"Back story, went on a paleo diet (caveman diet) about a month ago from this review in support for my wife who was having health problems. The day before we ate at a buffet and had the plethora of desserts, while the desserts were pleasing to the eye, they were not pleasing to our stomachs from all the processed sugar, so I sought out a bakery that would hopefully be more pleasing to our digestion. I found Beau Monde Bakery and my taste buds have never been more grateful. We had a pumpkin cake pop, a slice of carrot cake, and a chocolate brownie. All three were moist, we could taste all the flavors and none of them left a sugary aftertaste in our mouth, like our buffet experience. Thank you Beau Monde Bakery for the palate pleasing treats and can't wait to come back on my next trip to Vegas.",5.0
"The Good: 
Despite what others have said, I loved the decor. The horses were and the architecture were very nice. The food had good taste. 

The Bad: 
The service was very sub-par. Both the hostess and our waiter acted like they didn't want to be there. Service was very slow. I had fajitas and not only were they not sizzling, but weren't even hot. My girlfriend's plate wasn't even warm when our food was served.",2.0
"Although I'm extremely limited in what I can eat here, I'm totally obsessed with their fish filet hot pot. Unlike the normal Chinese fish filet I normally get, that's sauted and smothered in black bean sauce--and not that there's anything wrong with that but--this delicious concoction smashes the standard Chinese options of fish filet. The dry pot comes mixed with red chilies, onions, and mushrooms. The peppercorn opens up your taste buds even more enhancing the flavors. It's Jesus opening the portals of heaven in my mouth, pretty much. A quick tip is to eat it before the crispy crunchiness goes away. After awhile the fish trends to get soft and it just isn't ask yummy.

Other dishes I've enjoyed was the mushroom dish that is cooked in pork fat. 
The spicy egg plant didn't disappoint either.",4.0
After spending 3 hours waiting at another urgent care.  They sent us to this one . Quick and easy.!!! This is my go to place now.....the other location eastern and horizon ridge was ridiculous no staff member let us know they doc was doing something that would take hours.   Was rude. They should have said something way sooner.,5.0
"Overall very pleased with the team at Diamond. I had a tight timeline that they were able to meet and the end result is flawless. We did have an issue on the initial install which turned out to be correctable. They did this within the same week and were very accommodating to ensure timelines were still met. Chris was a my sales rep and did a great job. He is a former installer and that was very helpful for my project as we were able to discuss specifics with respect to the install and seams. Having an educated sales rep is a great service to customers. The installers were very professional, worked to keep dust and debris to a minimum and communicated with me during the process.",5.0
"I cant say enough great things on how Gabby at open door and the entire process worked.  They did everything they said they would do. They purchased my house in Frisco,  TX , let me move up the closing date, this was all just too easy and these people are FANTASTIC. What more can I say?",5.0
"The family And I enjoy coming during happy hour as they have decent prices on the happy hour menus. Tonight we had extended family over and for 9 of us we only had a 70 dollar tab to include drinks. 

I am not sure if Claim Jumper managers read these but our server Sean was awesome very attentive. 


Good food good portions and good service rates the 5 stars",5.0
"I've been in this store multiple times and only once has any of the staff approached me and asked me if I needed any help. Yet I've stood there and watched as they approached other people, within seconds, who came in after me and asked if they needed anything. 

I just left the store and stood there for about 15 minutes waiting on my wife to shop. Only 1 person said anything to us, and that was only after being in the store 5 minutes.",1.0
"Nenita of Aloha Cakes makes the best yummy guava, passion fruit or coconut flavor cakes and more! Her Macadamia nut chocolate cake is amazing!  Everyone at my party just loved her whip cream frosting with moist sponge cakes that is flavorful yet not too sweet!
She makes gourmet cupcakes too.  I found her thru word of mouth. See her website to see her beautiful work of art!",5.0
"Beautiful restaurant, lovely service and delicious food. I came in for lunch; had their burger and fries. I couldn't get enough of this place. Everything is picturesque. This is the restaurant you see in a magazine and hope it's as good as it looks because you're traveling to Davidson. When you get there at your reservation time, you're thrilled you didn't let your cynicism stop you from making it. 

The burger: two patties, cheese, mayo. The fries: soft and fluffy insides with crispy outsides. I sat at the bar and talked to the bartender. What a pleasure. We talked about Texas and liquor stores around the states.  She told me all about the dinner menu and I can't wait to come back. A little bird let me know the patio opens soon!",5.0
Very poor customer service. As soon as you walk in you feel extremely unwelcome. The gentleman that runs the front desk is very rude. I didn't even stay for the service I was that uncomfortable.,1.0
"Service is great and the food is great. When I walked in, there were 3 women that greeted me with a big smile. I originally went in to joes pizza and walked out because they were rude. So glad I went to capriottis instead!",5.0
"Is this a Dr. ,s office? Front desk was slow, unknowlageble, and just plain ignored you.  The nurse that took me back after a 35 minute wait acted like she would rather be anywhere but here, Dr. Julie Rake was the only pleasant experience in this circus of an office, and she sjhould really think about going elsewhere before her reputation is ruined by these other so called Dr. S. 
Just f. Y. I I have been coming here for well over 4 years when Dr. Robert Page would actually see you, he was good. But I guess so good he doesn't come in anymore, I tried everyone of his Dr. S since then, and I think there is 16 different ones that work there cuz I never see the same one and Dr Rake is the only one I recommended seeing. I have found a new Dr. Her name I's Claire Anthony and she resides at Dr . Fiels office on Baseline and McClintock. Excellent office excellent Dr. And there's only 2 Dr. S there, not a dozen. 
If you are truly ill don't go to Pages go straight to the emergency room you will be well better off and won't wait so long either.",1.0
Love their innovative asian flavors. My favorites are the HK milk tea and durian. Its like eating real durian. If you're looking for traditional italian gelato flavors this is not the place.,5.0
"I absolutely LOOOOOOOOOOOVE
Trufusion. I've taken a few classes here and every time I walked out I felt like I was on top of the world. Great energy! The instructors are awesome and very knowledgeable on pilates, yoga, kettlebells, and everything they offer.  It's a very clean facility, the staff are all awesome, they offer delicious smoothies after a workout. I have nothing but good to say about this place. Must try!",5.0
Terrible. First time I've eaten at churches and I realized was missing nothing. Honestly I rather have KFC and I'm not a fan of KFC.,1.0
"Giving them +1 star because after reading my Yelp review, they not only reached out to me to apologize for what happened, but also invited me back to try and remedy the situation.

I must give credit to a business when they make a good attempt at service recovery because it shows they do listen to their customers and they do care. I couldn't return but I still appreciate the notion.",3.0
"Took my son here on Sunday. First of all The front desk lady was extremely rude. The ""nurse"" and doctor were so unprofessional and prescribed my son penicillin after I told them he can't have penicillin . Also the Doctor reeked of cigarette's and didn't even wear gloves or wash his hands while checking the inside of my sons mouth. The doctor said he was an ear infection. The next day I take him to his pediatrician and guess what. He doesn't have an ear infection. Worst place ever . I don't even believe these people passed med school.",1.0
"Awful!!! We went the sunday before christmas. Only one other family there getting pics done.  The staff was lethargic.  The tall, young man that ""helped"" us was shockingly ignorant about children...he asking if my 15 month old son, who was walking throughout the store could ""sit up"" for pictures?! He didn't appear to enjoy children or his job! Our pics turned out horrible!  We only ordered some because of the kids grandparents wanted some and we couldn't `fathom the stress of dressing the children and hauling the to another studio!  They told us pics would be ready on Dec 23.  Today is Dec 29th and still no pics!!!! DO NOT take your kids here!!!I I have better pics from my iPhone!",1.0
Once again very happy with the grooming done on my pomeranian caesar. The groomer did a great job and the staff is very friendly. I love taking caesar to bark place. I recommend all my friends looking for a groomer.,5.0
"I'm not a fan of chain restaurants but I love this place.  The decor is great and whether you are sitting in the bar, outside, or the regular dining area - i've always felt comfortable. The big fans they have on the ceiling are pretty cool

The service is hit or miss. I've had great service but more often than not it's lacking.

The homemade queso is EXCELLENT but my favorite is the loaded baked potato soup...I'm a big potato soup lover and their soup always hits the spot. 

The burgers are big and juicy and always cooked right. The fries are good too.

This was my go to restaurant when I wanted a cheap good meal...great for college students!!!!",4.0
"I have been to Lucille's many times and it is one of my all time favorite restaurants. The complimentary biscuits with apple cinnamon butter are AMAZING!! 

I always order a full rack of baby back ribs and take the rest home. The leftovers make for a great treat later or the next day. This time I ordered the baby back ribs with garlic mashed potatoes and shoestring fries. Everything was delicious.

Lucille's also serves the best strawberry lemonade, which comes in an old school jar! The backporch strawberry lemonade is also really good (strawberry lemonade with vodka).

It was my friend's birthday so they have him a little sundae with a candle, which was kind of neat. Only reason I gave this place 4 stars is because service could have been better. Our waiter didn't seem too happy, or maybe he was just busy. Not bad service, but not great either.

We will be back.",4.0
"I dont know what everyone is eating here that is so great?????? 
Another horrible meal here. Your tri tip is chewey an so thin it tastes like deli lunch meat. Total crap. Second try here. It was no good  the first time either.  Your meat quality is so poor  fatty chewey an tough. Your overpriced also. Memphis bbq blows you away for half the price you get the same amount of food an much better cuts of meat. Huge dissapointment. I can make better smoked bbq in my backyard. Never ever coming to your restaurant again.",1.0
"I love the architecture of the new addition to the ROM. Such a great and interesting design. I'm also a big big fan of museums and historical preservation. Although the inside is very typical of what you can also find in many other museums, there wasn't anything special that caught my eye. Just a bunch of mid century junk. I like the Dior dress and shoes on exhibit though. I also like the taxidermy inside. =)",3.0
"Came here again yesterday, ordered a Chicken Breast Pho.  Unfortunately the chicken was very dry and hard.  So I'm updating the rating accordingly.",3.0
"I REALLY wanted to like Pancho's. We have always had a great experience at the Manhattan Beach location and loved going there. It has been several years since we have been back but at this location prices seemed a bit high even given the location. 

The first negative sign was when we nearly finished our chips and salsa before our order was even taken. The second negative was when I ordered the chicken tortilla soup and never received it. After our main entrees arrived I mentioned this to our server and he apologized and later gave an additional discount which was very nice. The last negative was food quality. Let's be honest, most Mexican sit downs seem to taste the same unless they have a signature stand out dish/item, or the style of cooking/preparation is different. Pancho's was no different. There was nothing about their food that justified the price point. 

Unfortunately,  we didn't even stay to use  the Yelp fried ice cream offer. We paid and left. However, I had the last laugh and ordered a second helping of the free chips and salsa...",2.0
"Great laundromat. Air conditioning, vending machines, wifi.. Very clean. Nice having it open until midnight, that's a nice perk. Would recommend.",5.0
"Greg, the owner, is indeed a very nice guy. I expected great things after he came out & looked at my new home to prepare an estimate...for ALL the windows.  He only could spend 1 hour as he'd just been reminded that he had pressing family commitments (really???  this type of estimate takes at least 2 hours..he should have rescheduled when he found he had a conflict!).  Anyway, I liked him and he seemed to know his stuff...I  had real confidence that he could do a quality job and was looking forward to receiving an estimate., but I NEVER heard from him again!

Really???  So strange that a business owner would blow off a large job like this.  Oh well..I guess Coyote Blinds has enough customers.",2.0
"One of the worst experience I have ever had. I had to wait 45 minutes for a smoothie. The manager, I am assuming because she was the one in yoga pants and on her cellphone, wasn't paying attention to anyone or any of the orders that were piling up. One of the workers walked out with three smoothies and never came back. The other two workers looked lost. I will never be returning to this place again.",1.0
"Let me start by saying how great this store is on customer service. I went there on Thursday evening after a long day at work to get a few things, one being the chicken they had in sale for 1.99lb. I asked the guy behind the counter who was cleaning up for the day if it was only on sale though the meat department and he said yes but I can get you some. I was amazed and thankful that he went above and beyond for me and got me what I needed, Jesus is a gem in your store.",5.0
"This place has the best pumpkin pecan pancakes on the planet! They are supposed to be a daily special, but they're so popular that they've kinda become a permanent daily special. No complaints about that! Try 'em. Your tummy will thank you! One minor gripe is that the combo ( pancakes served with two eggs and choice of meat) is kinda pricy at $14. I had it today with a cup of coffee and my bill was $18.01. Not exactly a cheap breakfast for one. 
The other breakfast dish that I love is The Cowboy, which are filet medallions, served with 3 eggs and toast. Steak and eggs for breakfast is one of my favorite things, and Perk Eatery does them perfectly!  At $16, they are a better value than the pumpkin pancake combo, but those pancakes...ahhhh.",5.0
"First impressions are very important when conducting business. When we arrived at Volvo Las Vegas, the SUV we were inquiring about was as clean as a button and parked up front with my name on it. The General Manager (Lane) took great care of us from the door. He placed us with a very knowledgeable salesman, Marcus, who went over every detail and made sure our questions were fully answered; great attitude! The finance rep, Gary, was straight to the point about the additional options for our SUV and very personable throughout the process which we definitely appreciated. 

Overall, my wife and I are very happy with our purchase from Volvo Las Vegas and would recommend the folks listed in this review to anyone looking to make Volvo their next purchase.",5.0
"Sat at the bar. The bartender sucked, lame attitude, no silverware, never asked about food or needing another beer and basically not very friendly.
The chips & salsa were pretty good, not great. The chicken fajitas were ok but typical, nothing to brag about. They need to make the beer colder and the staff warmer.",2.0
"We came here after Sushi Station. I was surprised to find this next door! 

This was so amazing and a great treat! The experience was fun. He called our names and asked want to come watch? We are like huh.... to our surprise and my amazement he made it right in front of our eyes! It was exciting! 

Bring all your friends!",5.0
"If I lived in Cleveland, I think I would Flea for the winter. Down south or something.

But if you want Fleas in Cleveland, come to this massive Flea market, which I was dragged to by my thrifty friends in town and a girl from Buffalo that I thought I was bringing to Cleveland for things other than shopping.

I'd give it a 5 star rating for sure if it wasn't free. It takes place on the 2nd Saturday of every month in a massive industrial relic of the old days of Rust Belt Cleveland, and has a lot of everything you could imagine. I don't like that they charge you to get in, though.",4.0
"I don't think I had the normal experience here.  I walked in with a fellow yelper hearing about how awesome this place was and I wasn't disappointed, but not really sure what the deal is.

I stumbled in after a very long day just looking for that Bell's 2 hearted on draft, and I got one very quickly.  I then decided to walk to the bathroom to do what I needed to do, when I saw a guy videotaping an extremely wasted and out of place looking asian guy kinda peeing on himself.  I started to ask questions but eventually just walked away.  I went back a few minutes later to find a ""jugalette""(female ICP fan), guarding the men's bathroom for one of her friends.  This all seemed so out of place, but its what happened.

I was tired and not expecting much but I got a show whether I liked or not.  Don't expect the same as this place probably does not see this crowd often.

I will be back to try those tasty wings I smelled, and to have more than one strange but great beer.",4.0
"We've been in Waxhaw for 11 years and have tried EVERY Chinese restaurant in the area. We FINALLY have a favorite! We ordered several dishes to share and we loved everything. The ingredients were all very fresh, the servings were generous, and the service was very friendly. 

My only minor complaint (and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5) is the fried rice....it was dry and bland. It was fine with other items mixed in, but (in my opinion) fried rice should be able to stand on it's own. I do wonder if the rice is different if it's ordered by itself than when it comes as the complimentary side with an entree. Our rice was the complimentary side, so I will give it another try by placing an order for fried rice next time.",4.0
"As usual the food was great, celebrating my grandson's First Communion he picked this restaurant. Everyone loves the veal parm and shrimp saute is my favirite. The cake that was ordered (larger version of their give away cakes was yummy Keep up Carrie's tradition !!!!",5.0
"I am so pleased with the results of the work provided be Baker's Travertine Power Cleaning!   The floors look sooooo much better than they did before!

We bought our 15 year old house a couple of years ago, and I've hated the travertine since the day we moved in.  Right away we had it professionally cleaned, updated and sealed the grouted.  But it still looked dirty and icky.

So finally when I accepted that I couldn't afford to rip it up and replace it, I searched for options to make the floor at least look clean.  I found Baker's on YELP, was impressed by their reviews, and gave them a call.

Tom came out right away and explained their process to me.  He showed me the finishes I could choose, and I decided on the high polish.  I love it.

Travis and Cody showed up right on time on Aug. 19.  They were very professional, worked quickly - but thoroughly - and had the job done in about 6 hours.  That seems pretty fast for 677 sq ft.

I highly recommend Baker's Travertine Power Cleaning.  Their professionalism is high, their prices are reasonable, and the results are excellent.",5.0
"I went back. We were hoping to get their Restaurant Week menu but they only offer it at dinner. But we were all starving so we stayed and ordered. We sat at the huge shared table I mentioned in my original review that they used as a business table. The Cardinals game was about to come on and we wanted a view of the TVs that I  also mentioned in my previous review that showed a vile news program. They didn't turn the game on at the start but finished the KC/Wash game and we missed a Cards field goal. (Bitter)

The service was GREAT today. I should have gotten our server's name, she was timely, informative and super friendly. Long blonde hair and knew triathlons. 

About the food - first negative - no kid's menu and the prices are so high. 

My older boy got the chicken and waffles, this is no LoLo's but the kid really liked it. Small piece of what appeared boneless chicken, lots of waffles with BACON crumbled on top, and a big pile of scrambled eggs (totally unnecessary for the kid) $13

The younger boy couldn't find anything he wanted so we got him the BBQ sliders with the caramelized onions and aioli on the side with fries. $10 He wasn't impressed.

The husband got the short rib sandwich. Huge, spilling over with meat and caramelized onions, the bread looked rustic but soft with onion rings - he loved it. Enjoyed with Sessions lager. $11.75

I got the smoked turkey, thick bacon, thick tomato slices, sprouts and pesto aioli on a croissant. Huge sandwich I could only eat half and was very full. You really can't screw up this sandwich and it wasn't a risky order - I just needed something good after a long run morning. I also got the sweet potato fries, perfect with small but visible bits of salt. Enjoyed with a hoppy beer from Boulder Brewing $10.75

It was a much better experience then the first time. They serve you a ton of food we have three boxes in our fridge right now and the prices reflect that. The total was $67 for four lunch/breakfast meals, two sodas, three beers. Now that I typed it out, thought about the quality of food and beer, it is fine. It was a good meal except I missed the start of the game. Boo.",4.0
"Terrible. You'd think that being Paris & having the infamous Eiffel Tower drink would be worth it but screw that! Friends & I only came here because Fat Tuesday was closed at Caesar's & we wanted to get a fast drunk without walking all the way to PH--which we should've done anyway because this crap was disgusting.

Wanted a margarita-strawberry daiquiri mix with a few extra shots, the homie at the bar said they were dry of margaritas. So instead, he proceeds to put SHOTS of tequila at the bottom of the tower & fill the rest with daiquiri. Wouldn't be a problem if the straw didn't take from the bottom first, or melt directly into the tequila later. Because finishing that tower was a mission that didn't feel good at all.

Don't stop by unless you want the tower--sans the drink. Move on & get an OG Fat Tuesday because this will literally make you feel like a toilet.",1.0
Stay away from this moving company. I had the worst experience ever. Didn't fulfill their contract and I had to pay extra $400 on the top of their already expensive service. Usual con artists.,1.0
"I was actually eager to see this musical, 50 Shades! The Smash Hit Parody, because I have only read the first book and afterward had no desire to read the remaining books nor see the movie.  This parody is based off the first book.  I was not a fan of the book so I was eager to see someone make fun of it.  

I walked in certain that nothing was going to make me laugh but I was wrong; every time I looked at the actor that played Christan Grey I couldn't contain myself.  He was the sloppiest looking actor ever, a complete opposite of the handsome Christian Grey that I read about.  

If you have a crude sense of humor, it's hard to sit through all 69 minutes and not find this parody hilarious.  

For instance, I was seated next to a couple and the gentleman had never read the book, but he was laughing so hard sometimes I think I was laughing more at him than the actual play.  It's refreshing to know that one doesn't have to have read the book or seen the movie to find the parody enjoyable.

If you are in Vegas and want to catch a show without spending crazy money, this would be a decent recommendation.",3.0
"stayed here on my bday earlier in the year...the one star is for the fact that the hotel is really pretty & our room was huge.  
BUT I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!  we got the room on hotwire so i cant complain about the original price.... but then when we got there we were informed that they only have valet parking that you have to pay for.  so there's another 50$ for 2 nights.  EVERY other hotel in Vegas has free self parking....this place is in the middle of nothing ---they could make a parking lot!  
then they also charge a resort fee of like 30$ per day....  i wouldn't consider this place a ""resort""  
the staff at the hotel were snobby
They have only one extremely expensive restaurant to choose from .  

But the BEST part was when my boyfriend and I ordered room service in the middle of night.  We noticed that the menu stated that gratuity was added to the bill, no problem!  When the woman arrived to deliver the food, she handed me the bill to sign and i left the tip line blank and mentioned to her that it was bc the tip is already on the bill.... she then said that she doesn't get any of that tip and usually people tip her too.  SO YOU WANT ME TO PAY YOU 2 TIPS?  AKA 40% of the ridiculously expensive cobb salad etc.  Then she stayed around for a while talking about how the they don't let her have the tips & how she is a single mother struggling to make ends meet....... IS THIS SOME SORT OF SICK JOKE is what I was thinking.  I'm sorry but this was my birthday and not her pity party!  Not to sound rude but it was definitely weird!

 I have stayed at a wide variety of hotels in vegas (including the Cosmopolitan, treasure island, hard rock, planet hollywood, NYNY, the Wynn, Mandalay bay, THEhotel, stratosphere,  and this is by far the worst of them all.  I would take the stratospheres 3 stars  over this  supposed ""5 star"" hotel any day!",1.0
"The good: the peanut butter chocolate cookie is amazing. Crunchy and thick outer circle with a soft and almost underbaked center. Can't wait to try the muffins. 

The bad: I came here to get lunch at 11:30AM and waited for my salad for honestly 20 min. 20 min!! I also requested no cheese and my salad was packed with cheese. Because I was running late for a meeting I didn't have time to ask them to remake it and had to slowly pick out all of the cheese. These two things were truly terrible and I hope they can improve this especially during the busy lunch hour. 

Will not come back here for a salad but will definitely try the pastries.",2.0
"I have been going to Romancing the Bean for about 15 years now, back when they were at the Pavilions and have followed them to this new location.  I live off of the 101 and 7th Ave and I make the drive out there because they have the best coffee and freshest baked goods in town.  I especially love the cream cheese muffins!  
The first thing that hits you as you enter is the smell!  Breathing in the tantalizing aroma of baked foods and tantalizing coffee, how could anyone resist the temptation to buy a coffee and a treat?  I know I can't!
The price of coffee drinks and food are very reasonable.  They have homemade muffins, cookies, croissants, and soups that are fresh each morning; you don't find that in to many coffee shops.  
In most coffee shops you find bagels, muffins, and pre-made salads that are delivered from somewhere else and that stay on the shelves for a couple of days. 
Which would you rather have? Me, I'd rather pay a little more for great coffee and fresh food than go to shops with prepackaged items and inferior coffee.
Romancing the Bean also has wonderful people working there. They provide a friendly atmosphere all the time.  It is a family owned business and that is what it feels like when you walk in the door.  Romancing the Bean is a truly delightful place to visit.",5.0
"This is my 2nd time using zuber.  The best party rental services ever!  Very professional and friendly.  The products they offer from bounce house, vending machines are super clean. Will use them again... Search no more our family recommends Zuber for your party needs!  Thank you!!!",5.0
"This office was amazing with our guinea pig! From the receptionist to the vet assistant to Dr. Benesh, everyone was very friendly. They got us in very quickly and they were very good with our pet.",5.0
"I would give this a negative star if I could. 

This place is awful for their service! Totally inconsistent depending on who you get. It's like their requirements to work here are to be snobby and rude and if you're lucky, occasionally friendly. 

I still remember buying clothes online and trying to return them. They gave me the option to do this for the sizes. I go in the store to return these, but they give you so much attitude. Unlike most stores, their return policy is ridiculous (10-14 days). They are only happy if you purchase something and NEVER when you're returning anything. There was only one cash opened when there was a long line up and 5 girls on floor that were free. When it's my turn to return these, the girl tells me that this shouldn't have happened because they are super busy to do this kind of transaction. Well then, hire more staff and open the other cash! I don't understand how Aritzia, with multiple stores, plentiful customers selling at high prices cannot afford to do this. After she processes it, she makes a mistake, and doesn't acknowledge that she missed refunding an item. She tells me to wait in line again to correct her mistake when she should have done it right away. I wait another 10 minutes in line just so she can finish with the customers. At this point, I'm furious and asked to speak to the manager. She tells me she is the manager and gives me this rude glare and attitude. I cannot believe how incompetent the staff here are and Aritizia is.

Aritzia really needs to train staff on customer service because they all don't have any.",1.0
"Capt and I just had the street tacos, steak carnitas. Absolutely fantastic and worth the walk for the price from B9. Serving size is a little small but price point is good for an airport! Definitely a must try!",4.0
"Enjoyed dinner on the patio and happy to report it lived up to all the reviews. We shared the mac 'n cheese and the burger plus a bottle of wine from their extensive wine list (solid). Only glitch was that our waiter had several tables sat one time on the patio.. (Shouldn't be a surprise - this is why we live here...). Though it took some time to get to us, he was fun, knowledgeable and passionate about the place and I can't complain. Atmosphere, service and food all excellent.",4.0
"Pearson Eyecare inside LensCrafters at Superstition Springs is by far the best place to get your vision needs taken care of. Treated so well, accept so many insurances, and just care more about your family. I always get an appointment on MY schedule and then a get my glasses on site. Another great experience!",5.0
"Apparently you have lost your interest in the art of baking pastries yesterday I reviewed your poor excuse of carrot cake, so to be fair I purchased a napoleon, if you could understand the disappointment of poor sad old pastries dry hard I have no words for the God awful pastries I'll be going back to nothing bundt cakes or the bagel cafe.",1.0
"Had the spaghetti and meatball lunch special,  friend had the meatball sub, both were delicious!  Service was fast and efficient. Great place to spend your lunch break.",5.0
"YES!

I finally got to check out this awesome spot in the Vegas arts district (for lack of a better description). Turns out it's right next to Hop Nuts Brewing--another relatively new business I've been meaning to try.

I wasn't sure if lavender anything would be good, but I gave the latte a try. It was fantastic! I'm definitely going to try making my own lavender simple syrup for homemade lavender lattes. If they are half as good, I'll be happy.

I also suddenly got hungry and ordered their Arepa Benny. One of the points of getting Eggs Benedict to me is for the Hollandaise. In this case, the mother sauce is replaced with Chimichurri and the English muffins are replaced with arepas. Eggs were perfectly poached. Bloody brilliant!

With their dog-friendly patio, Makers & Finders could be my new bi-weekly chill spot.",5.0
"My friend  from New York came to visit. Read the reviews were good so we decided to go.  We arrived about 940pm Saturday night....it was a bit crowded, noisy and somewhat of an unfriendly environment.  Once greeted by the host,  she proceeded to take us to a crowded room with children and loud conversations.  We asked to move to the other side of the restaurant,  but she stated the server wasn't taken anymore tables. (hence they were closing soon).....once seated in the upstairs sectio. We were quiet happy with our table sevtion ...our server Taylor was superb gave great recommendations and was honest about the menu items.....  The food was not as  good as expected ....I ordered the crawfish  etouffe half order. It had no taste as though they scrapped the bottom of the barrel with a somewhat burnt taste......my friend ordered the fried oysters for an appetizer which she said was extremely good.  She also order a signature cocktail which I tasted and agree it was strong and good......I would give this restaurant  another try and however; I would definitely arrive before  closing hiurs....great location and nice abeyance",3.0
I am rarely moved to this but come on Really! Takeout for $31.00 for Pad Thai and Green Curry dish.  My constructive criticism is that $31.00 for Rice and Noodles with some spice is completely highway robbery.  I will now take take my business to Thai Thai takeout for the same price I get three meals.,1.0
"A small non-AYCE place with really good sushi! Fresh and artistically presented. I've been here twice and both times the servers were attentive and friendly. On my most recent visit we ordered two sushi combos that came with assorted rolls, nigiri, and sashimi along with salad and miso soup. Favourites included the spider roll as well as the salmon sashimi. 

The location is pretty central to Markham/Scarborough at the intersection of Steeles and Kennedy. Parking may be a bit tough since it's in a rather small parking lot. 

Definitely my go-to place when I'm craving sushi.",4.0
"No waiting for the ER on Monday morning. I was seen immediately. Dr.Kim was able to get me admitted to the wound care center right away. My ER nurse Tiffany was amazing-great personality and truly cared. My primary physician Dr.Tanveer, is the sweetest doctor I ever had. She was going above and beyond - even personally called my case worker and insurance t make sure the rushed my discharge.Dr.Alexie (infection and disease doctor) was superb. He made sure I had the right antibiotics for my body . he was very thorough. His orders caught the infection from spreading to my bone. My surgeon Dr.Licup was fast and efficient (something you definitely want when someone is cutting you open!). My physical therapist JD and his student were so funny and answered all my questions.  I had such a great team! I absolutely recommend summerlin hospital.",5.0
"Polite staff.....and two (and a half?) Words..... Cinnabun bites.

They are mire like warm cream puffs than cinnabuns, but I am sad that they only come four to an order, and happy that they are served all day.",4.0
"People make mistakes. Places make mistakes. And sometimes, there's just a miscommunication. But, it's what happens next that's important. So, kudos to Peter in Seasonal for sticking with me after he clocked out. Thanks to Brad for understanding that I just wanted to find an amicable solution. And, sorry to Luis in Customer Service for having to deal with the other Lowes. They aren't all equal and I like the one I keep going to.",5.0
Once again amazing food! Italian chili ridiculously good! Service is consistent. But if you want great food and great service ask for Richie a amazing server!,5.0
"Food was undeniably fantastic, but felt shunned after my son ordered a beer and was denied because he left his wallet at the hotel.  Kept staring at him like he",3.0
"Some of the best Thai we've had!  Awesome flavors, large menu, wonderful service - will return often and recommend this restaurant to our friends and family.",5.0
"First of all, I am a loyal Avis customer. I come to Cleveland every year to see my mother. Every year I rent from Avis at CLE and every year, they find some way to make it less than good. The Cleveland rental car center is already a challenge- probably the worst in the US (I fly a lot), but Avis always finds ways to annoy. Counter people sent me to my preferred space to find a car that had no keys and was locked. Went back to counter and had to wait for them to get another car for me. The whole point of preferred is that I don't have to go to any counters.. On return, it was pouring rain. 5:30am. Sign pointed me to an area I hope was the return. No attendant, no covered area remaining. Got soaked, had to walk to counter to get a receipt.. And this is just like other times- same problem. No outside attendant. No direction given.. All on me to figure it out and walk around when all I want to do is get to the plane and go to sleep. Next time, I'm going Hertz or National in Cleveland.",1.0
"Decided to try this new sushi place in town after seeing few 4.5 star reviews on Yelp. There were only 3 tables occupied when we walked in but since this place has only been opened for roughly a month, I decided to try it out anyway. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. After being a sushi-lover for years, I usually rank a restaurant's fish freshness by ordering salmon nigiri's; the texture of the salmon sushi was rough, it tasted like it was refrigerated for a while, and the color was just off. The rest of the sushi nigiri were okay but they all tasted like they have been refrigerated for a while. 

However, I do have to give them props for their cooked appetizers --- they tasted really delicious. Service was okay --- had to get the waitress' attention to refill our cups every single time but she was polite; probably just inexperienced in waiting tables. 

Overall, I don't think I will be returning to this place. There are a lot more sushi places in town that offers fresh sushi. Even though their cooked appetizers are a lot tastier than the place I frequent, it is not strong enough of a reason to return just for that purpose.",2.0
"What a great experience!!  Went in after a long day at work and left with a fantastic hair cut and shave with the added benefit of total relaxation.  Susan handled my ""experience"" wonderfully and I can't wait to go high and tight again soon.",5.0
"Solid choice for breakfast.  Wasn't outstanding, but definitely better than average.",4.0
Good service with fresh food. The employees are friendly and bring the food to your table. There a two younger guys who work the drive thru late night who are sooo nice.,4.0
Food is fresh. Had my first fish taco but most important they sell roger's mexican mooon shine.  I have had much worse american tacos. Enjoyed it.,4.0
"The Good:  a clean, careful, professional car wash with decent hours and a good lounge with free bottled water.  The owner and staff are reasonably friendly, as well.

The Bad:  on both of my visits here, I've had to wait over 2 hours for a basic car wash.  Also, the price is alright, but not great.  Time, however, can be even more important than money, and it's sometimes difficult to justify the amount to time you have to put in here.

The Ugly:  a $5 surcharge for ""bug removal"" from the front bumper!  This is the only car wash out of the dozens I've been to that charges extra for what is usually just considered part of the normal wash.",3.0
"So happy to have a Chick-fil-A in our downtown neighborhood now!  We have stopped in a few times and it is always a consistently great experience - nice staff, clean dining room/patio and delicious food!  I love the original chicken sandwich and won't turn away the waffle cut fries - so good.",4.0
"I loved, loved, loved JET!  1 huge room and 2 smaller rooms.  The bigger room was playing top 40 pop-ish music, one of the smaller ones was playing some techno stuff and the room I fell in love with was playing lots of great hip-hop.  

We got our passes on the Strip, no line, no cover, no problem!!  I love guest lists.  

We didn't stay as long as I would have liked because the bride and the other girls were pooped from the previous night's debauchery.  Wimps.  I'm definitely checking Jet out again the next time I'm in Vegas.  And best believe, it will be soon!!",4.0
"Every time I go here, I can't help getting their delicious, stringy panzerotti's!!! With marinara sauce, tons of mozza, you just can't go wrong. It makes for the perfect 11pm meal :)",4.0
"OMG! Pizza Mike brought Chicago Pizza deep dish to Las Vegas! Mike used to own Carmen's Pizza and Pasta House on Golf Road in Schaumburg. His pizza Is amazing. We got a pepperoni, onion, Italian sausage and mushroom. We had to wait a little while, but we didn't mind because it was perfection. We will definitely be back! The ingredients are fresh and the crust and sauce are amazing. And just so you know there is no sauce on the bottom like someone else complained about! Perfect just like in Chicago.",5.0
"Recently went here with family. I had a full set done. John did my nails and he did a fantastic job. I have not had my nails done in over 4 years due to my profession, I was on vacation so I said why not! I actually really loved this location and will be taking my young daughter with me for a pedicure next! Thank you!",5.0
"Walk in, order and pay.    You build your burger to order, pick your toppings and sides.

They give you a number and cook your food to order.

The sandwiches and shakes were great!",5.0
"It's a beautiful and historic Basilica loacted in Downtown Phoenix right across from the convention center. It is smaller than I thought, but beautiful nonetheless. 

Named a historic site by Pope John Paul II his statue is right outside. There is also a pretty fountain in the courtyard. There is a small parking lot with posted signs that you have to be registered with the parish to park there. 

The first time I went was in the early evening and it was closed, so please check the hours accordingly before your visit.",5.0
"Unquestionably the biggest Yelp let down ever!

I had a pepperoni pizza and it was just plain flavorless. The pepperoni and sauce was the delicious flavor of a good old water. Yum! (not).

I've never been so disappointed in a well reviewed Yelp establishment ever! Let's hope this is the first and last time!

(you'd be MUCH better served by Cibo, Pizza A Metro or Spinatos ... all within the vicinity)",1.0
"I received excellent service when I stopped in to purchase some shoes.  They had just what I wanted, the Dry Joys Tour in the classic brown saddle.  The salesman made a joke about my old school style and made sure I saw that they carried all the more modern styles.  He found a way to compliment my choice never the less.  It was fun.  I'll definitely shop there again the next time I'm in town.",5.0
"This place is great and delicious! Real New York pie!  Also, the atmosphere is awesome and the place is so cute",5.0
"I haven't been to the actual store, but I stopped by their stand at Bloomfield Little Italy Days last night.  My lab manager claimed that they have the best cannoli there, and they had a prominently displayed sign that claimed likewise.

The cannoli ran $4 each, and could be filled with ricotta, chocolate ricotta, or both.  I opted for a combination, since ricotta is my standard for comparison, but I wanted to try the chocolate ricotta, too.  (I preferred the chocolate filling slightly.)  The ends came dipped in chopped nuts, which I wasn't particularly thrilled about, since I prefer my deserts without nuts, but they did add some interesting texture.

Overall, the cannoli was pretty good, but I preferred the one I had last year from a different stand, which I recall being slightly larger and less expensive, and being dipped in chocolate chips on the ends, which I prefer to nuts.  So, I'm afraid I must disagree with the claim that this is the best cannoli in PGH--or at Little Italy Days.

If I get out to Monroeville, I'll have to stop by to try their other pastries.  If I do, I'll update this review accordingly.  3.5 stars.

EDIT: They charge over $1 more for cannoli at Little Italy Days than they normally do at the bakery.  While I get that their stand is very popular, considering that the best cannoli of my life at Termini Bros. cost $4, I don't think it's worth the inflated price.",3.0
"We had a lovely time at Oro. The service was excellent and the food was amazing! We had antipasto at first, then I had pasta of the day and my boyfriend had the veal meatballs. For dessert my boyfriend had the pannacotta! I would absolutely come again and recommend the place to people who love Italian food!",5.0
I'm superrrr picky about getting my nails done but Sasha is absolutely amazing!! I left with my nails perfectly shaped and the cutest design ever! Had the gel on for over two weeks and it didn't chip once!! She is such an amazing and creative nail artist! Highly recommended!!,5.0
"Amazing service, they're really great people. They have a few plugs and a fair number of seats. It does get a bit cold near the doors but if you sit closer to the bar it's okay. It's not as loud as the other locations so it's also a great study spot! So why 4 stars and not 5? Chain coffee shops just can't compete with the cute independent cafs you find in downtown Toronto.",4.0
"Bought a Groupon for a synthetic oil change and randomly came in one day after work. They were extremely busy but the guy was really nice about it and asked if I could come back in 2 hours . Totally fine because I understand they were busy. No big deal.  I came back, they took me right away. Changed my oil and was out within 30 minutes. There was snacks, soda/water and even some Netflix to keep busy. The gentleman was extremely nice (wish I remembered his name, he had tattoos and a beard) and even mentioned my front tires were going bald. With no pressure at all or trying to sell me something, he just gave me an estimate of how much it would be to replace them and suggested I replace them soon. I'm glad he mentioned it because I had no idea! Would definitely recommend this Midas. Just go with some time because they might be busy! 

Thanks!",5.0
Had awesome appetizers and some great beer on tap... and the pizza!!!!!!!!  OMG!  We lucked out with very little wait.  I would definatley go back!,4.0
"This place has got to be THE best, if not one of the best Pizza places in Ohio. 

Fantastic service! The waiters are attentive, prompt and friendly. Also, they make sure your bread and water is always stocked. The owner will stop in once in a while, and if he is in then will check on you. Really nice, and not much more you can ask for!

As for food + beverages - 

Insanely priced beverages for a restaurant. A bottle of good wine. $15. Yes. A bottle. Not a glass.

And pizza - oh my god. Perfectly crispy crust. Not over done or underdone interior on the dough. Not too doughy or too thin - perfect classic. And just dripping with goodness and the best sauce ever! :D

Also, you can draw on the paper table cover with crayons - me and my friend had an intense game of hangman and connect 4 while we got out pizza! :D",5.0
Excellent customer service! Alex took great care of us throughout the entire repair process. We received regular notifications of the progress of the repair but most importantly our repairs were actually completed ahead of schedule. They did a wonderful job! We would highly recommend to anyone in need of Excel Collision's services!,5.0
I've been there once with my family and the food was great! We're Polish/Ukrainian so it was great to go out to eat a taste of home without having to cook. I recommend the schnitzel and perogies!,4.0
"We came here after reading all the Yelp reviews . Fat ninja bite is a hidden gem ! It's tucked in the corner of Kennedy and steels. They serve burger, rice, and noodle dishes. We ordered a kimchi slaw + chicken burger + cheese burger. The size of their patties is huge ! 

The burgers were delicious and filling ! The price point for the burgers is very reasonable. We have tried many burger places in Toronto, and I must say that this is one of the top joints in Toronto.",4.0
"This is a great place with a very laid back feel. The staff is great, the seating is not a problem here either.",5.0
"So far so good at this new Starbucks.  I've mobile ordered most of the times I been here.  The very first time it wasn't ready, but since then my order has always been waiting for me with no errors.  Staff has been friendly too.  Love that it's only a block from my house.",5.0
"The okonomi (Japanese pancakes) they serve have nothing similar to the ones I had in Japan! Taste was all from the topping (sauce, basically)
Not returning.",1.0
"Dr Murphy is a top-notch dentist. She has cared for our family for years and she consistently provides excellent care. She is also honest and fair, letting you know upfront her recommendations and whether any treatments may be optional or postponed. Our teeth and gums are in excellent health, thanks to Dr Murphy.",5.0
I love the atmosphere in this bar.  The food is excellent and the bartenders are very attentive.  The flatbread pizza on their new menu is excellent!,5.0
"All hail Cesar (in the Service Department)!!  I would like to sincerely thank my Service Writer, Cesar!  He provided exceptional service from the time I dropped my vehicle off and followed up with me a few days later to make sure everything was going well with my vehicle. When I dropped my vehicle off, he asked questions about the performance of my vehicle and what my specific needs were.  He was honest about the service time and provided a rental car for the inconvenience and kept me up to date with the status of my vehicle.  It may sound corny, but he made me feel as if I was ""important."" Additionally, he helped me from incurring late registration fees by recommending that I go to the DMV and get a moving permit due to the vehicle registration about to expire. I was not aware that you could get or would need to do this until he brought it up.  I would give Cesar 10 stars across the board. I really appreciate the service he provided, his genuineness, and his honesty.  I will always ask for Cesar.  Great Service Department!!  Thanks Cesar!",5.0
"My husband and I had just moved to Vegas and were driving around when we saw the ""BBQ"" sign. lol  So we thought why not!  Well to our surprise we walked into a completely foreign type of food.  Neither of us had ever been to a Korean BBQ, but to our delight the owner was so gracious, sweet and put us completely at ease within 5 minutes.  She showed us all the meat and explained what we were to do.  The other patrons of the restaurant were also very concerned that we had a good experience.  Several times people would ask us if they could help us and offered to show me which foods were hot and spicy.

Never in our lives have we been in a place that cared so much in giving us an enjoyable experience.  And, was it good?  You better believe it!  Don't ask me what I ate, but it was definitely good and we will definitely be going back.",5.0
I just had my first massage by Jesse today and I could not be more relaxed.   I have had massages before and I have had my share of very good massages but today's massage by Jesse was great and honestly probably the best I have ever had.  Having had heart surgery I was a little concerned with having pressure on my chest but Jesse knows his craft and this was a wonderfully therapeutic experience.  I called my sister immediately afterwards to let her know that she had to go see him when she visits.   I would tell anybody who ask if they should see him to go but don't walk RUN.  Worth every penny!!!!,5.0
"If you own a car you actually care about then DO NOT get your tint done here. 

I took my C6 Z06 here what a mistake. I was quoted $139.00 on the phone in person it the price went up to $169.00. At this point I should have walked, but the review here was good so I stayed. Honestly I was not looking for a cheap tint job and would have paid double to have it done right. 

Once finished I found scraches on the driver side window. Bubbles in the rear window. 

I went back and the only person there was the ex-con installer Victor who's basic reaction was tough luck and wanted to charge me to remove the tint.

You're better off spray painting your windows black than having these jokers do your tint.",1.0
Worst customer service EVER. I didn't know who worked there because no one greeted me or payed me any mind. A lady was within feet of me and I'm looking at shoes no help no no,1.0
"I completely disagree with the other reviewer. I love Indian food and Namaste is by far the best in Charlotte. The dinner buffet it expensive at $16.95 per person, but if you're hungry for samosas, tandoori chicken,  tikka masala, daal or great naan bread and much much more, it's the place to go. Most Indian places I've been to in Charlotte aren't spicy enough, but Namaste offers a great variety of spiciness in their dishes. Simply put, it's well worth the price!",4.0
Awesome experience the nicest people I've dealt with at a jewelry store and being from Texas that says something this man told me he was going to do something and have it done by the time he said he would kept his word and had me very satisfied will definitely visit again for all jewelry repairs,5.0
"Stretched out a pair of leather heels for me. Price was amazing, owner was very nice!",4.0
"Service at bakery checkout is terrible,  very rude and slow service.",1.0
S K Cleaners cleaned and removed the stain from my tie without adding virtually any creases to it (unlike a couple of cleaners I've used in the past).  Very impressed.,5.0
"I'm going to rate this experience solely on service.  I was with my wife and daughter and decided to stop in for some refreshments on a hot summer day.  Upon arriving here the first thing I noticed was how angry all of the staff looked.  No one was helpful at all, and trying to get some help was near impossible.   We decided to simply order two iced teas to go.  The gentlemen that served us was obviously tired and in a bad mood (maybe because it was near the end of the day and he just wanted to go home), but trying to get him to help us was near impossible   we finally got our two iced teas, which tasted like lightly flavored warm water and left - never to return again.

Management here needs a serious overhaul as the staff obviously don't care, which is a serious problem when it affects all staff members.  

Best of luck...",1.0
"Dr. Corcoran is absolutely awesome. He is so knowledgeable and so personable, you won't find a more caring doctor anywhere. Office staff at Sunny View are also very friendly and efficient. You will be very pleased if you make him your primary physician.",5.0
"Very happy with the results!!! Had our entire house cleaned.  We have a dog, cat, and 3 kids. Needless to say our carpets get some abuse. He got up all the stains and hair. I would highly recommend them!!",5.0
"This place makes my innards tingle. The atmosphere is energized and the food is absolutely top notch. Much to be said about this joint. It's great for a date or small groups. Staff is awesome and attentive. Overall, I will go here frequently.",5.0
I came here while on vacation because I love Thai massage. Typically speaking these places are hit or miss but I can report to you that Rey is fantastic. She takes the extra time to identify your trouble spots and is relentless in massaging out the knots until she is satisfied that the problem is fixed. I highly recommend this spa to anyone visiting Las Vegas or who is in the area.,5.0
"I'm so glad they have this new location.. I literally live right across the street, so awesome! We always used to go to the Tropicana location which was 15-20 minutes from our house.. There food is so delicious, I live with a family of 5 so we always get the full chicken and its sides. My dad is from Peru that's why we're so addicted to the food!! I totally recommend it to anyone in the area..",5.0
The food here is absolutely delicious! You have to HAVE TO get the honey toast with strawberries. The location isn't the best but you just have to try this place.,5.0
"It's been five months since I purchased a 2015 Azera from Shane Motors, and I couldn't be happier. Like others, I was a little wary, as this was my first experience buying from a broker. Now I can't imagine going anywhere else. Shane was personable and straightforward, with zero pressure. He gave a fair price for the car, and for my trade in. And the Azera is flawless. Beyond this, when I had an issue with ADOT, he returned my call within hours (even though he was on vacation), and had tracked down the answer in the same day. (When I had a similar issue at another dealership, they acted like the didn't know me.) I've already referred several friends to Shane. I own a small business, and I like dealing with people who also have a passion for what they do. You can tell that he actually cares about selling quality cars and his customers.",5.0
"I've had the lattes and cappuccinos here and all the drinks are creamy and smooth. The espresso in the drinks is full-bodied and incredibly rich tasting. I love that they make designs onto the top of your drink for you (latte art). The drinks here aren't cheap (just a little more expensive than or on par with other specialty coffee stores, ex. Starbucks and Second Cup) but they're well worth the price.

Make sure to come early on in the day or at non-peak times to avoid the crazy line-ups!",5.0
"Amazing! Spent the day there two times in three days. Got a regular two day beds on a Thursday with my friends (4 couples). Second day went with our entire group (7 couples) on the Saturday and rented a cabana. Best day ever honestly. We felt it was good value, even with the minimum spends ($50 p/p for the first day, $2500 total for the second day minimum spend however we went over this substantially), we drank and ate all day and had the best time! The servers were so friendly and sweet, and the door guys were even super nice and accommodating on both occasions. Our server from the Thursday even recognized me on the Saturday and stopped to say hello, despite us not being in her section! Food is good, drinks were good, music was totally awesome. It was an awesome time - would love to go back some day. Thanks!!! 

PS - we are all Canadian professionals aged 28-40, with expectations to get great service for our hard earned money.",5.0
"This was THE SHITTIEST first-dosa-tasting of my life. I know it's impossible to rate my first-tasting of anything, but I'm pretty sure when you get a sour stomach and horrible shits after being at a restaurant - it was a horrible first experience. 

I really hope dosas don't actually taste like what they did here. The food item itself can't be that horrible or else no one would eat it, right? But you see, I'm traumatized to a point where I might not even consider re-evaluating what they taste like and just leave it at that. 

The service was shoddy. The drink prices (non-alcoholic) are shitty for the amount you get, which is close to nothing. The venue looks like a McDonald's in an airport food court. If this is what they think south India should be, then I recommend that Britain reoccupy. 

The only thing I'd recommend is the Madras coffee, to-go. That's the one thing they didn't manage to screw up royally.

And paying $30 for all this, that was the rotting cherry on top.",1.0
"I'm a fan of walking around here although actually buying something in here is not something I would do since a higher percentage of the shops here are a bit out of my price range, but it's a huge mall pretty pleasant to walk around, has a decent food court and your typical ""nice"" chain restaurants like Moxie's and Milestones. Plus for a lot of us that don't live downtown, Yorkdale's parking lot is a haven for parking for free and then taking the ttc down. Add in it's own GO station and a big multiplex and Yorkdale sure has all it takes to be a very solid mall.",4.0
"Pro: Close enough to CES Venetian location. Hidden corner, GREAT pizza, good selection of wine. Their own bathroom. Fair price.

Con: So so staff (I think she is new)

Bathroom: Clean, not family friendly.

Came here on the 3rd day of CES - our group was whiny, tired, and downright pain in the ass to deal with... After googling for a decent food join that WAS NOT A BUFFET. Grimaldi's came up, and since we were right outside of their door, it was the best choice for us due to we are lazy bums that don't want to walk anymore.

Got two pies, can't remember what they were, but it did the job of keeping us from burning down crappy Chinese booths following the meal.",5.0
THE owners of this establishment were very welcoming! I'm glad I have a new spot to come to outside of the strip coming from Los Angeles. Affordable quality hookah and good music to vibe to.,5.0
"Stumbled on to this place by accident, literaly drive by every day and didn't know it was there. Well worth the effort to find parking. All I've had so far is burgers and frys but they were awesome. Dine in once takeout once and both times awesome food. My buddy said beer was excellent as well. Restaurant was nice, clean, and the service was great. Will be a regular from now on.",5.0
"LOVE LOVE LOVE these handmade natural products. Their scents are amazing. The creative products like the dough soap or the shower jelly are incredibly unique and creative. My only complaint is that the items Lush makes are not all stocked in stores. A lot of items are online only, which makes me upset. I go to the store because I don't want to pay to ship an already expensive product. Please carry online items in store!!!!",4.0
"Like the other Fresh locations I have been to, the store is bright, welcoming and ""fresh"", just like its name.  

Gilbert, the area manager, was extremely friendly and helpful and offered to give me a mini facial and full makeover!!  He very patiently answered all of my questions, had me try out the scrubs, the lotions....

I walked out with a jar of the rose face mask ($55) that is supposed to hydrate the skin and help shrink pores.  I initially went in to find out more about the apple seed brightening exfoliant ($60), which he gave me a sample of.  I also received a sample of the repair and restore face balm for normal to oily skin (I think I need the ""extra rich"" formula.  It also comes in a normal to combination skin formula as well)  and the anise wrinkle eraser.  

EXCELLENT customer service, beautiful store.",5.0
"Again trying to get a good Italian Beef sandwich. Portillos comes with Chicago creds. Unfortunately their Italian Beef lacked the tasty juice with limited peppers asked for. Though better prices than Luke's restaurant, it was a clear 2nd place when it came to quality of beef, flavor, peppers and wet. Also disappointed that hot dogs were boiled, instead of grilled. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain",3.0
"Love this place!so happy they have one close to home. Burgers,chicken sandwich, hot dog or beef you u Can't go wrong. Everything is delicious, the cake shake is amazing if you like chocolate",5.0
"I'm totally in love with the yuzu ice from here and the matcha soft serve is amazing. It has a strong matcha taste without being the bitterness. 
What I don't really love is the wait. Some days the lineup and wait can be an hour.",4.0
"NAYSAYERS GTFO!!!


It's the second time I did business with these kind folks and it was always a pleasure doing business with them... 

I have a bit of auto-tech background in me. I went to school for it and I do all of my vehicle maintenance, but getting a smog check on both of my vehicles is not an option. I don't have the equipment to perform these tasks, so I have to go to these guys to get them done. They perform smog checks for $10 out the door! That's 50% cheaper than any other smog check places, plus I get a FREE vehicle inspection!!! 

Although it was a challenge looking for their shop the first time around because it was placed in the back of the lot, I managed to find it.  As soon as I step in their clean lobby I was greeted with their friendly staff right away with a smile. Their office is a little bit dated, but they do have a leather reclining chairs, not brand new, but comfortable and there's a big screen TV. It may not be the ""STEALERSHIP"" I mean ""DEALERSHIP"" ambiance, but it does have that ""LOCAL SHOP"" atmosphere that I like. There's also stores and a place to eat near the area to get something to eat or walk around while your car is getting work done...

They are located about 15 mins away from my house, and even if there's a smog check place 5 mins away from my house, I rather drive the extra mile (NPI) to get these folks to work on my car. Wait is not too bad since the last time I went, it took them 45 mins and the second time took 1 hr 27 mins from the time the service manager grabbed my keys to the time they handed it back to me...

Bottom line is, they are really friendly, their price is great! I mean have you been to a dealership for a quote? lol not just for smog check but for repairs... the place is convenient for me and the wait time is waaaaay below average compare to other shops. I never felt that they forced me to do repairs on my car, but they always suggested maintenance that needed to be done in the near future... I will continue to do business with them for as long as I live here in Las Vegas...",5.0
"Stone pot lunch specials are tasty and affordable. I've tried the take out as well, it has great variety and you're getting your money's worth. Dishes are consistant. Definitely one of my Korean go-to's in sauga.",5.0
I have seen hotter girls working at Applebees this place blows! All the girls seem so desperate like they were the left overs from the good clubs that nobody wanted. Don't waste your time...Two thumbs down!,1.0
"First experience of the deep dish pizza was disappointing . However I went back for a redo with my friends and this time the pizza was on point. One of my friends is from Chicago and knows what a deep dish pizza should look and taste like. She was even impressed with the taste of the pizza.
The crust was crispy and the cheese was melted just right.",4.0
"This restaurant was great!  I did go on a Sunday morning so the service was a bit slower but I understand how Sunday mornings can be, I'm a server at a breakfast joint too.  The server was very sweet and accommodating and my French toast was amazing! The sausage is excellent here and the French toast I had was bigger than what you might get at a different restaurant, I love the thicker style.  Now the layout of the restaurant seems small so if you expect to get seated right away with anything more than 6 people in your party then good luck.  Overall I had a great experience and leftovers afterwards!",5.0
"A nice annual arts, music, and food festival in June which runs over 2 weekends and during the week between for free admission.  It is especially nice when it's a sunny day to enjoy festivities (this appears to be a quite rainy time of our year).

Food:  Run-of-the-mill food booths with usual outdoor fare.  TIP:  Do NOT get the haluska in the Polish food line.  I love this dish with noodles and cabbage but this was not anything representative of the dish.  It was basically egg noodles and a tiny few bits of cabbage swimming in oil.  Yech.  I do wish I had tried the lobster burgers (note:  they were off to the side and not in the general food booth area of Point State Park).  TIP:  Take your food and head to the Point State Fountain area for some shade because the picnic tables and food booths are totally devoid of any shade on a sunny day.  TIP:  We did find a food truck with bottled watter and soda for $1.00 each.  I thought that was extremely reasonable.

Music:  Many varieties, multiple stages for free.

Art: Surprisingly good selections and some very distinct high-end quality art from jewelry, pottery, wood bowls/vases, to paintings.  Not limited to local artists.   

Parking:  Might I suggest you park in the 1st Ave garage (right off 2nd ave exit on I-376) for a flat rate of $5 on weekends and take the ""T"" transit for free to the Gateway station.  You'll be right where you want to be and avoid congestion trying to park anywhere else.

Restrooms:  Porta-potties were gross shortly after noon on Saturday, the 2nd day of this event.  Seriously gross, more gross than gross of any other event I've ever been to or any selection of portable restrooms I've ever witnessed.  Ever.  Might I suggest the static restrooms near the Point fountain, the restrooms at the 1st Ave garage when you arrive or leave, or dining at Market Square nearby and then using their restrooms?",5.0
"Love the spice availability here, and the oils and teas.  The only reason they are a four is because they are a little higher in price than what I am used to.  Still, nice people working there - very helpful and a great place to go to replenish your spice and tea stock!",4.0
"I was petrified about going to the dentist but my coworker recommended dr. Schwartz and his staff and I've never been happier!! From the moment I got their Amy was pleasant and dr. Schwartz saw me within moments of my aptmnt. 
I got a crown and he was patient, explained the procedure and I was finished within 1 hr like he estimated. I've been to many dental practices in NV and live no where near this office... but I would travel the distance any day because of the great 'pain free' service!! Highly recommended and they take State of NV insurance.",5.0
"I am new to the area and found The Office had desirable Yelp reviews. Trying a new salon and stylist can be scary stuff! I am pleased to say that I LOVED everything about my visit. My stylist Max  was marvelous. He took the time to truly listen to what I wanted, he was vocal about everything he was doing and offered perfect solutions to my hair woes. I was super impressed with his round brush technique and my color turned out better than I had expected. The other stylists were friendly and the salon itself had a great vibe. I am coming back for sure and will be trusting Max to work his magic on my hair again.",5.0
"Great museum. Fair entry price (apparently free on Sunday's, we came on a Saturday). Covers a lot of different topics and is full of interesting information. Exhibits are put together well. The staff out front weren't super engaging, but overall we had a really great experience and would go again!",4.0
"The pizza was very good, and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere. Other than that, they didn't have much going for them. The service was awful. Our waiter never checked on us- took forever to find someone that could get me another drink. We felt ignored. When it was time for the check, we found out that the machine was broke so we knew we would be waiting even longer. Much to our surprise, our waiter comes to our table, apologizes, and tells us to have a good night (our entire meal was on the house!) so overall, it was worth it! They made up for the poor service",3.0
The service was great and the staff was friendly. Phillip helped us and he was awesome. I highly recommend it.,5.0
"The food is good, but no better than any other Mexican restaurant. The prices are ridiculous! $3.50 for one taco. Probably won't be going here again, unless I win the lottery.",2.0
"I recently moved to Henderson and was looking for a place to get just a trim and some layers. The person on the phone was friendly and scheduled me an appointment the same day. My hairdresser was also very friendly and did a decent job on my hair so I was happy. Then she asked if I was paying cash or credit and I said cash. I was shocked by the price she told me of $65! My haircut was not worth that much! That's the priciest hair cut I have ever gotten and I was only there for 1 hour or less. So I just paid my dues and left a tip, but probably will not be coming back knowing that it's so expensive!",2.0
"Wow I don't know where to begin. Convenient location for us out in the boonies of Peoria, beautiful facilities, classes are free, blow dryers in the bathrooms are amazing, tvs everywhere....seriously changed my life. I lost 20 pounds going to this gym. Worth every penny.",5.0
"Very nice interior which lends itself to a very comfortable dining experience.  Little hesitation at hostess stand while she ended her conversation without even acknowledging our presence but once she hung up, we were seated near window overlooking patio.  I know the restaurant has no control over the plaza and the people that gather there but we watched 20 to 25 runners (?) warm up, stretch, swig water and spit all within our view point.  Was not able to see this until they raised blinds.  Staff might want to wait until runners have left area directly within eyesight before raising blinds.  Ribeye was totally different - chef removes outer fat rim and you are left with what looks like a filet Mignon but once you cut into steak you quickly realize it is not a filet.  Not sure if it was just this piece or this is normal (again have never seen a trimmed ribeye like this) but it was not as tender as a normal cut ribeye.  Flavor was good - blackening spices not over done.  Onion soup is heavenly but you can easily remove the first layer of skin on the roof of your mouth if not careful.  Wines by glass were a very nice selection - still can not fathom why reds are served at ""room temperature""  which is close to 70 or 72 - they should be cooler.  Spinach salad was adequate - bacon bits were akin to gravel but once pushed out of the way, salad was lightly dressed which is a big plus, not the usual drenching of the greens.  Waiter talked us into dessert because ""Mom"" made it and he was so right.  Best carrot cake ever.  Will be back soon.",4.0
"Folks this place is brilliant! Has Vegas cool-glam written all over it. Be sure to make an evening out of it. Come a bit before your reservation and enjoy a drink at the bar and mingle with the hipsters. Your meal will be splendid, and your steaks will be done perfect. I dine at N9NE every time I visit Las Vegas......If there was only one restaurant to choose in Las Vegas - this would be the one for me. The steaks are fabulous and the pomme frites are first rate. Enjoy your meal while Coldplay and U2 rocks the sound system. It's loud, fun and everyone is having a great time......it's a must do!",5.0
"PRE-APPOINTMENT:
Koreatown's Maya is my usual place, but I didn't feel like putting up with their menopausal receptionist lady today, so I decided to try somewhere new. I emailed Kamiya on Sunday to book an appointment for Tuesday, and got a confirmation on the same Sunday. I also wanted an upper lip wax, but they relayed to me in the email reply that the waxing lady had taken the day off. Also in my original appointment email, I didn't specify on whether or not I wanted a female or male stylist, so when I told them I wanted a female stylist when I arrived, the receptionist guy / hair washer guy got a little upset. Oops. So it's probably a good idea to specify in your email what you want, heh.

ON-LOCATION:
The place isn't too difficult to find actually. There's a store sign right above the sidewalk that directs you inside. The place is nicely air conditioned, so there's no nasty hairspray/salon smell when you go in - thank goodness! I was greeted by the receptionist, suggested me to take a seat with me and my friend, and then after a couple of minutes waiting, I was asked to go over to the hair washing area. My biggest complaint during this time was that despite they had taken my jacket and all, they did not offer me a salon robe to wear. Their customers do not get a salon robe at all, so if you have really long hair, and the hair washer doesn't wrap your hair properly after the wash, the back of your shirt gets wet, which is annoying. Also, I didn't get the supposed 10-minute scalp massage (even though I was on-time for my appointment!)... Which was disappointing because I was looking forward to it :(

HAIR CUTTING:
The receptionist guy / hair washer told me my hair was really soft, and the actual female hairstylist - her name is Mai - said my hair was slightly damaged at the back, that it was really dry there. I had planned to get 2.5 inches trimmed off but since she emphasized a lot that it was very dry at the back, I went and got about 3.5 inches off. (YOLO!) Afterwards, she told me that my hair looked /a lot/ healthier now after I got the dry section trimmed off, lolol. Anyway, Mai was great. I haven't gotten a haircut in over a year, so I asked a crapload of questions about digital perms (she advised me not to; my hair is too soft/light/straight for it, so it'll get easily damaged); how often I should get a haircut to keep it healthy (every three months because I wear my hair long); straightening vs. curling irons etc. Overall, she was very friendly and very helpful! I think she was kinda sick (slight coughing/sneezing) while she took care of me, but I'm pretty sure it's an one-off occurrence and I personally wasn't too bothered by it (YOLO + my excellent immune system). Anyhow, I grabbed her business card before I left and took lots of selfies afterwards. So yay :)

COST:
$35 + $4.55 (tax) + tip. Your call, hair salon aficionados.",4.0
"Very old, dated and unbelievably smokey.  Our company had a conference there. The conference area was good but getting from the front door to the upstairs conference area was gross.",1.0
"If you go to this restaurant, I'd recommend skipping the appetizers, because they aren't much food. If you come here and go straight to the main course, you will most likely really like it. 

I ate the salmon, which was absolutely phenomenal, perfectly cooked, and just the right amount of food. 

The staff seemed a little bit stressed out, but it didn't bother me, because they were responsive, and the atmosphere of the restaurant, along with the mostly brilliant menu was great! My only complaint was the over priced appetizers.",5.0
"I was hesitant about this place by the horrible reviews but my teenager needed counseling and I didn't have many options. Today was our second visit, and all is well. My daughter really likes Mary Ricketts, and the other doctors seem very friendly. While we waited one of the other doctors made small talk with me, my two daughters and my baby boy. I have dealt with two different office staff members and both got us in. One member does seem standoffish but I'm not there to make friends, I'm there for my daughter.",5.0
I went few days ago and I was not impressed I ordered a stake burrito and parts of the meat was cold it felt like they just got it from the refrigerator  it did not have a lot  of flavor and the portion was smaller then before the place was dirty the only nice thing I have to say is that the lady that helped us was very nice but the food was not very good.,2.0
"We found a dog running around our neighborhood, and brought her here to be scanned for a chip. The vet tech that greeted us was very friendly and sweet to this pup. The staff was quick and we were in and out of there in no time. We are planning on bringing our dog here for her spay and shots!",5.0
"Came highly recommended by the locals.  Nestled in old town.

Highlights:
Huge outdoor patio with dim lighting, lots of space for people to mingle.  
Comfy seating that makes you want to lounge around while chatting with friends. 
Creative cocktails like the pumpkin martini.  
Moscow mule served proper, in a tin cup to keep it freezing cold.

They have good happy hour specials like 1/2 price wine bottles and girls night out.

We had a good time playing drinking games and catching up. 
Maybe next time, we'll have more than just drinks.",4.0
"Again, great service from Shari with excellent with great conversation. Greeted upon entry with a smiles from several employees.  

Lean brisket, bread, macaroni and cheese and cherry cobbler was fantastic tonight. Changes to the baked beans... Please have a no bacon option. The brisket baked beans were the reason to visit previously but now they have bacon.

I see many positive improvements at this business and appreciate good quality fresh foods.",5.0
"I'm a weirdo that likes plain cupcakes. No frosting.

I asked the girls at the front for my special cupcake and they seemed some what taken back. 

""I dont think anyone has every asked for that. Umm.. Yeah.. I think we can do that""

But Hooray! They came through and it was a glorious day. 
Super moist and fluffy. 
Yum Yum Yum!",4.0
Great show.. Worthy all the money you spend.. One of the best way to spend money in Vegas.. Adults will be greatly entertained.. not so much for kids..,5.0
"Terrible. I will never go back.

My appointment was at 3:30, I arrived on time. I wasn't actually called back until 4:15? Why actually set an appointment if they aren't even going to call you on time?

My stylist was unprofessional, and quite frankly obnoxious.I just wanted everything to be over with. She smelled horribly of smoke after each break she took every 20 minutes. 

My color turned out the worst. I asked for strawberry blonde highlights. What did I get? Dark red, copper-ish, CHUNKY highlights, that faded into an awful pink color. 

I had to spend over $100 to get my hair professionally fixed. I even disputed the charge with the salon. I refuse to pay $50 to have my hair royally screwed up.",1.0
"Went for a Happy Hour with coworkers from out of town, but even with ""happy hour"" pricing, 4 of us still made out of there with an over $330 bar tab which we feel was not right at all. We had $25 worth of food (which was really really good) but don't see how the bill could possibly be so much and we carefully reviewed each item and still could not see how the tab was that much - especially when we were there for ""happy hour"" prices on several of our drinks. Our waiter though nice and chatty seemed shady as he made seversl ""mistskes"" but allegedly didn't charge us for wrong or incomplete items he brought us, so even with that, there is just no way we could have had such a high bill. The issue was so shady/disputable that the manager even discounted our tab by $40.
We left feeling scammed/targeted for being from out of town. My advice is if you go there, have the wings and pierogis but don't settle in for drinks.",1.0
Fast service! Nice workers. & great products! Love the corn dog & blue raspberry candy slush.,5.0
"Stayed here toward the end of the East-to-West Coast drive so we were pretty exhausted. The entire hotel is pretty trendy but very user friendly. The staff was knowledgeable of the area and were very helpful. The room was a little on the small side for what we were expecting but it was very interesting decor (see photo posted of bed/headboard). Ultimately, we would have felt cramped had we spent any amount of time here but it was in a very central location, easy to get in and out and the room was clean and fun for a night.",3.0
"USED to be good.

Walked in - loud, head-banging music (techno. pop crap) just about drove us insane.  Came in, said hello, was ignored.  And ignored more.  Cups/cutlery banging in to the used dishes bin by someone who looked as though she didn't want to be there.

First time in a long time.  Got up, and quietly left.  Miserable vibe.",1.0
"I will admit. I've never come here for anything but chicken wings and beer.
That said, from Sunday through Tuesday they have half price wings which make this place a great place to go to. 

Admittedly, the inside is very much like a local sports bar watering hole. Not much to talk about aside from the tvs visible from most areas, but clean enough to not be worried about touching the tables. The patio is prime though, slotted along Bathurst Street just south of King. The only challenge is getting a table when the weather is nice.

The chicken wings are really good though. A good size with just the right amount of sauce. Pretty sure we destroyed around 40 wings and 3 beers for under $50 when all said and done on the last half price wing night we were there for. Approved!",4.0
"I LOVE this salon. Its a great, centralized location in midtown Phoenix. If you have curly or wavy hair, Charlotte is the stylist to go to, she understands and will give you great cut/color to compliment it. Trust me that is SO HARD to find...And the Aveda products are just heavenly.  The salon is very cozy, yet professional.  There is a great little local coffee shop in the same building too. It is really hard to find a good salon & stylist that you love and feel comfortable with, I am so happy to have Charlotte @ Salon Embellish!",5.0
"Wanted to try this place for a while as I live around the corner... Impressed with the skinny chef salad! Was afraid it wouldn't have enough going on, but was wrong. Not the best salad I've ever had but pretty good and definitely filling. Service was good and quick as I got it to go and can't wait to stop by again to try a build your own dish. On",4.0
I loved having dinner here with my husband!!! The food was delicious and the service was wonderful!!! The view outstanding!!! I will be back and I highly recommend this place!!!,5.0
"WELL DESERVED 5 STARS!

I just moved in from California and my cousin wanted to show me around. She told me about Grouchy Johns and how it all started as a food truck.
*not many drink food trucks around turning into stores so this was interesting.

Walked in and was definitely noticed by the workers and was greeted as i came up to the register. The pretty lady informed me about all the new deals coming up and the top 5 most popular drinks.

I was in a dilemma so she kindly and patiently helped me out.

I ended up pursuing the Nutella Blended.
It tastes heavenly. Just like diabetes. 

Kind guy who made my drink brought it out and walked it to me.
A + ON CUSTOMER SERVICE.

the setting was comics and STAR WARS. love love it. 
the art was amazing and it had seating and comfy couches all around.

Definitely a new spot for me to come to again when i just want to get away from the house or just be around to study or hang out :)

LOVE IT!",5.0
"I love it here!  The atmosphere is great.  Lots of places to sit, books and board games to use at your disposal, and quirky geek decor.  There is even a drive-thru.  The coffee is delicious!  There are a bunch of options for flavor combinations and I believe it's a tad bit cheaper than Starbucks.  I love my iced lattes, and I'm used to getting a cup full of ice with a little bit of coffee.  But at Grouchy Johns, there's just enough ice to make my coffee cold.",5.0
"Back in the day this was one of my favorite places to go for prime rib. They still give you a monster sized bone in piece, but it is always cold in the center. And forget it if you want rare or medium rare as the best they will ever have is medium. 

You still get a lot of food for your money, but I wish they would make the prime rib like they used to.",3.0
"I heard good things about the food at other locations so I was excited to eat lunch here. Probably the worst customer experience for any Sandwich shop, especially on that cost over $22 for 2 subs, chips and drinks. From the moment we tried to place order with cashier every interaction with staff was terrible. When subs were delivered (with incorrect chips) the turkey avocado was delicious but had to wander around for 10 minutes with other customers (also upset at cashier) in search of napkins that were evidently stored in the vault. Eventually flagged down a disgruntled employee and they were able to bring some napkins which we passed out to 2 other unlucky patrons. Avoid the Uptown location until they decide to upgrade staff.",1.0
Well my first time here it was great had to kalua pig I will definitely be back place is very cleaning service was excellent,5.0
"As far as Hiltons go, this one is on the lower end. 

The lobby itself is very nice and probably has been remodeled recently. Very good looking place when you walk in. 

They have a small restaurant, a full bar and a gym and laundry room. Small pool and jacuzzi out front. Yea, front.. kinda weird location for it but oh well. 

The rooms are kinda ""older"" looking. Nothing in there is terrible, just not what you'd expect from a Hilton. 

Shower was ehhh... water pressure and temp are kinda lacking. 

I booked using my hotels.com account. The price was actually very low. So I'm reality, it was very much worth what I paid for it ... still, I stay in Hiltons a lot... and this was an older, lower tier Hilton for sure. However, there's nothing ""wrong"" with it. Neighborhood is fine. Staff is perfectly friendly and helpful. There is no real negative about this place. Just no real positive either. 

Ehhh... it is what it is.",3.0
"Ahhhh, I love massages! Massage heights did not disappoint. They have a $39.99 introductory rate that includes free aroma therapy, they also have what looks like a good membership package. They did try to sell me on this but it was an easy no for me since I have a membership else where. Take note, if you sign up the day of your introductory massage they waive the $40 enrollment fee. To this I say, while the membership is appealing overall - an enrollment fee? You've got to be kidding me.

It has a quiet relaxing waiting room and very comfortable massage tables. Rich was my masseuse and he gave me a wonderful deep tissue massage. He was very professional and promoted a relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. I'll go back if I see that they're running specials and, if not for the enrollment fee, I would strongly consider changing my membership to be here.",4.0
"I have been wanting to go here for yearsssssssssss.  Typically when a restaurant has that much hype, you would expect to pay a ton of money to eat there, but I knew the pizza here is not crazy expensive, so I have no idea what held me back for so long. 

So finally, on my b-day weekend, my girlfriend Abby treated me to Pizzeria Bianco, a place she been wanting to try out for a while as well. 

As I'm sure many of the reviews probably already note, this place is now open for lunch. We went about 1:30 pm on a Friday and were able to grab a seat right away at the bar. The place stayed busy the whole time, even when we left at 3:00 pm, but you wouldn't have to wait more than a couple minutes for a table. 

I started out with one of their draft beers, not too impressed so I switched to San Tan on the next one. I loved the coziness of the place, and completely understand why there would be such a long wait in the evenings. 

I had the Wiseguy pizza and Abby had the Sonny Boy. Over all pretty good. I think we were both expecting to have some light shine down on us from heaven and the bartender bust out some harps as we took our first bite. The pizza was good, and in any other place I would be overly impressed but I think the years of hype stole away some of the pizza's thunder. I actually like La Bocca Urban Pizzeria better. Hope that don't break any of your hearts hearing that.

Everyone should go at least one time. I wouldn't mind coming back again as well, I wish I could go before Suns games. I could probably add my name to the list before the game and get seated after! 

Protip: If you just want to try this place out, go for lunch. If you have time (and money) to burn, it would be a fun experience to drink next door for a couple hours, then eat some tasty fresh pizza.",4.0
"Waited 40 minutes for my food to come and it didn't. Went to check on it and they didn't even start making my food because the cashier didn't put down the right table number. I asked to speak to the manager to resolve the issue and they replied with ""we don't know who is the manager right now"".",1.0
"Great interaction with The Lock Lady, had my office call and schedule a rekey and she took care of it next day. Security is a must these days and you have to trust the one you call, The Lock Lady has done about 4 jobs for us and we are extremely pleased with the results fast, efficient and very knowledgeable. A 2 thumbs up from a very HAPPY customer.",5.0
Brady is such a pleasure to work with! The customer service and product were amazing and out of all the photo booth companies I have worked with Phoenix Photo Booth is bar far the best! I highly recommend them.,5.0
"Pretty crummy to be honest. There isn't much good to say about this venue. The traffic and parking are atrocious, and the beer is too expensive. My seating area was filthy and security did nothing about the two annoying drunk women next to me who hassled both me and them for the entire show. I paid $300 for my front row seat, but the music was worth it even if everything else was bad.",2.0
"I won't comment on the ""quality"" of coffee (I enjoy it!) because I am no connoisseur but I do know that I have not had a bad experience here. I've been 4-5 times now and I will note the following:

1. Food tastes great, is fresh and creative. (the salmon breakfast wrap on the weekends is my favourite)
2. The staff are super nice.
3. The back patio feels like an escape from the city.
4. Little hints of Sweden are a nice touch.

My favourite cafe in the city (other ones I like/tried: Le Neuf and Jimmy's)",5.0
"11/11/16 

Buttermilk donut is clearly the main reason to go to Bosa Donuts - hands down 5 stars. 

Donut holes - 1 star, if that. A grocery store donut hole is better.  

Mango smoothie with Boba - mango smoothie alone 3 1/2 stars. The boba is gross, the texture is disgusting. 
This is ONLY my 2nd time having Boba, my first experience was AMAZING from JT Boba house in Avondale. 

To sum up my experience I will ONLY order the buttermilk donuts from now on!!!!",3.0
Love this place! A local coffee house that's creative in making lattes. I haven't had many of their pastries but what I have had was delicious. It's a nice quaint shop with an inviting atmosphere and some amazing coffee! I  highly recommend this place!!,5.0
One of the BEST Thai food restaurants in the valley! Any of the basil dishes are flavorful! Can't wait until the Fresh rolls are back on the menu!,5.0
Service is usually hit or miss and can be slow. You'll need to be patient or order at the bar for a quick beer.,3.0
"I like this place, the gyro meat is good although a little salty. The hummus and baba ganoosh are good! It is a good value and very fresh.",4.0
"Stopped in for the lunch buffet. The food was fresh for a Chinese buffet which was all I needed to know. 

I didn't eat as much as I could've but I'll try again I'm sure..",4.0
Very good breakfasts are served here. Eggs are cooked to perfection. I especially like the home cooked corned beef hash. People are friendly. But service is somewhat slow.,4.0
"Worse experience.  Relocated to Pitt and needed Mt bike tuned up to ride w my daughter.  Took it in thinking trek was good brand so service should be good.   Overheard comment about shitty lefty fork, not a big fan myself but not sure I should hear about it as first time customer.  Tell me a couple day after checking bike out.  I go back a week later after not hearing anything to find out it was looked at and 'put aside'. No idea what that means.  Explain I really want my bike.  Wait two more days go in and find they haven't done anything.  Not even air in the tires.  Walking out coworker asks if I'm all set.  I'm rolling my bike with flat tires out of your shop...not even close to all set.  Horrible experience!",1.0
"I was thrilled to learn that a Komex had opened up a bit closer to my workplace. Love their food especially the fusion beef bulgogi and pork belly tacos. The Buffalo location is bigger even if the layout is a bit odd. A bar which looks like it will never be used, takes up a large portion of the room. 
This Komex isn't as hectic as the other smaller location at lunch time. However, during my first visit here with coworkers, someone apparently placed a large takeout order which resulted in waiting for our food for nearly 45 minutes. Even made to order food shouldn't take this long. They need to have enough staff to cook these call-in orders in order to not affect restaurant service. We were patient though and their food was delicious. 

I tried them again on a Saturday at lunchtime and the food came within 15 minutes and the service and food were spot on. I had fusion tacos again and my husband tried their enchiladas with different meats. So far so good.

But during my most recent visit on a weekday and lunchtime with coworkers, all sorts of things were off. The water tasted funny and they put the skimpiest portion of pork belly meat in one of my tacos. A coworker and I both asked for kimchi on the side. Hers was a generous portion and was on a small plate, like a true kimchi side dish. Mine? Well, it looked like a few kimchi shavings in a small tin container like what people use to hold ketchup or tartar sauce. I asked our waitress what was up and she said that the kimchi orders are the same (really?) and that there are 2 different chefs that made our items. So I got the short end of the deal then? Sigh. Anyway, our waitress never offered to remedy this blatant inconsistency in the food- which I thought was bad form. Food should be consistent even in the case of two different cooks/food preparers.

So if you're going to eat at this Komex, get ready to play some food roulette.",3.0
"Love this place. The coffee is outstanding and the beer selection is perfect. Plus, they know how to treat a customer.",5.0
"My first time ever having professional pictures done for any of my children, what a memorable experience! Leigh is a great wonderful knowledgable photographer!! Hands down I will recommend and continue to use her to capture more moments in my life! I love love love how fun and excited we both were to capture my newborns first expressions!",5.0
"Scam. It's unfortunate that some companies will do anything to try to make a buck. I went in and got fitted for contacts but didn't buy any right away. I was pregnant and honestly glasses were just easier. Besides I had a ton of dailies left and my prescription hadn't changed. Fast forward a few months and I finally ordered acuvue oasys lenses and from day one HATED them. I assumed that my eyes just needed time to adjust to long term wear. I was used to throwing them out every night with the dailies. So I tried EVERYTHING, different cleaners,  saline rinses, anything I could think of but my eyes ached and were blurry and teared up constantly. I called to have my lenses changed and Nationwide was like ""Sorry, no. We need to see you again."" But, I'm still within the one year since my last one and want to go back to a former lens. ""We're sorry, but you're too close to needing a new fitting."" What? So what exactly is too close? State law literally says I have a year before I need another fitting you crooks! So ridiculous,  and such a despicably obvious ploy to weasel an unnecessary $130 fee out of someone. Thank you 1-800-CONTACTS for offering to exchange the contacts for some I can actually use. SHAME ON YOU Nationwide for conducting yourselves with no concern for your patients but focusing instead on wringing every last dollar possible out of someone who needs you to SEE. Lowest of the low.",1.0
"My fiance and I had a pre-paid reservation for a shuttle to the airport for an early morning flight. Driver arrived 20 minutes early, and as we were trying to check out and come downstairs to meet him, he had already left. We talked to customer service on the phone, and they said there was nothing they could do, and hung up on us. We lost the money spent for the reservation, and had to find alternative transport. I have used Super Shuttle and have never had a problem until now. I realize that things happen, but I will not use Super Shuttle in Las Vegas again, as I am more than disappointed with their customer service!!",1.0
Second time here and the food is amazing. Great service and great ambiance. I recommend this place to anyone.,5.0
"Wow! So happy to see this place open on the East side of Mesa, we have had to travel so far across town to get Vietnamese. Now we have it within 5 minutes, but it's so much better than the places on Dobson Rd. We had the Pho and the Bun, both were extremely fresh and delicious, best we've had! Service is very fast and friendly. Great find! Thank you again for opening and you'll be seeing us once a week, at least!",5.0
"Got my first tattoo at Fu's by Justin. The entire Fu's team was awesome from making my appointment, explaining their process, being professional when we arrived and the tattoo experience itself was great. 

My first tattoo was really simple but my best friend was there and also got two done that day, one by Nathan and one by Justin. Both Nathan and Justin did a fantastic job! I'm coming back for a second!",5.0
"Glad I didn't listen to the previous review.  The service could not have been faster or friendlier.   Oh, the pizza is good too.",5.0
"Always leave the shop confident that I received a excellent haircut by Denise!
Joe, Sony, Denise and the rest of the crew make sure you feel welcome and remember you with a smile and friendly hello when you return for another haircut!",5.0
Very informative and loved the raft trip! The guide was great and the trip thru Bolder city was interesting.,4.0
"The building is great!  We had a party of 15 and a single server took care of all of us, which was impressive. 

I actually wasn't that impressed by my steak. Perhaps it was because I just got a standard filet. Perhaps it was because it was cool by the time I ate it, but it didn't seem to be anything special. I did enjoy the bourbon creamed corn.  The mixed drinks were also fairly weak. 

I'm glad my company paid for dinner. If it had been on my own dime I would probably downgrade to a 2 star rating.",3.0
"Don't waste your time.  Tried the crepes, a holiday cookie, ice cream and coffee.  Nothing special.  Crepes were mediocre.  Kids all took one bite of the cookie and claimed it tasted strange.  Most of the cookie went in the trash.  Not worth the wait, the calories or the trouble of figuring out which line goes where.",1.0
"Ok, so I just met my friend at Chili's for lunch to celebrate his birthday.  Let's forget for a minute that I drove to the wrong one (The one in Tempe that is now closed) and that he had to sit there by himself until I got there.  That's irrelevant.

We got there just before the lunch rush, and service was good.  One huge plus, my drink never got empty.  He was a little slow on removing the empty glasses, but it never got overwhelming.

I got a regular burger and fries.  The burger was so-so - it seems like they may have gone down in quality from the last time, the meat wasn't much better than a Whopper.  The fries were perfect, I love the seasoning they put on them, and they were nice and fresh.  The burger and bun never seemed to get along, and I ended up with a pile of soggy bun on my plate. 

My friend got the chicken strips, and was satisfied, personally, I have never cared for the way they bread them there - too much like fish - I prefer more crispy chicken strips.  His corn on the cob was excellent - I actually kinda wanted to steal it from him, but it was his birthday.

Service got a little slow waiting for him to pick up the check and bring my change, but in their defense, the lunch rush was starting to peak.  

Overall, it was a great meal for $25, and wow, is the tab less when there's no booze involved.  I hadn't tried this specific Chili's before, but it holds up the chains reputation well.",3.0
"Wow! It was super great - delivered on time, well done and beautiful cards! Thank you so much!",5.0
"Our 3 week old baby had a lip tie and a tongue tie, we had dr Tara do her procedure, she made sure to explain in detail the procedure and after care. Dr Tara and her team were all so great! We definitely recommend her to anyone needing to have the procedure done, thanks again dr Tara!",5.0
Food was great and their happy  hour is fantastic. Lots of options for those who are allergic to shellfish. Service was excellent.,5.0
"I had passed by this place several times so I finally decided to stop by as I was craving a salad and my partner a sub. We decided to switch it up for once and not go to subway.. so anyway ordered the bacon, ham and turkey salad and my partner the pastrami 10"" sub to go, i was excited to take it home and try it. I got home and took out the box in which the salad was in and it was a good size box I opened it and I was VERY disappointed, there in a corner of the box was a little lettuce with maybe 2 small pieces of bacon and shaved ham it was very plain..I should've went to burger king and got a better and bigger salad for the same $6 price and, as for the the sub it was very dry and plain my partner was very disappointed as well. Never going back again",1.0
Came to borracha tonight and had a couple awesome margaritas. Rob was very knowledgeable and made me feel very welcome! Definitely gonna come back to see Rob!,5.0
"Anthony was an amazing hairdresser. Did an brilliant job on mine and wife's hair. Definitely need to switch the music to Pandora. The diversity of the music is so off putting one second I'm head banging to Offspring, the next I'm trying to slow dance with the other customers waiting. Get an iPod, play Pandora and the consistency of the mood and style of music will calm the customers instead of giving them something to complain about.",5.0
"Had a nice meal here today. Not my normal type of spot (prefer the more authentic divey types) but had some colleagues that wanted to hit it.

Service was great. Chips were good and were replenished throughout. Salsa was tasty. Drinks were kept filled.

As far as the food, it came out quickly, was hot and tasted good. Our table did 3 orders of pollo fundido (me included) and a shredded beef chimichanga. Nothing crazy but no complaints from anybody at the table. Though we did the poco lunch size, all of us had enough for another snack. Beans & rice were nice enough as well.  In some of the more chain-type spots, I find myself skipping on the rice & beans once I try them.  Wasn't the case here. They were good and I would have cleaned my plate if I didn't find myself ridiculously full about 2/3 of the way in.

While I won't seek out Ajo Al's, I definitely won't cringe as I sometimes do when work colleagues lead me to chains. I guess it is a local chain with only 4 locations after all.

No complaints.",3.0
Great food and friendly service!!!   They make an amazing Pie!  Pizza that is.  Everything they make is great.  Keep it up!,5.0
"When my friend & I went to visit Phoenix in January 2011 we did a day tour of the Grand Canyon with Southwest Tours. I wasn't sure what to expect since there weren't many reviews for them on the internet but they looked good enough through the few things I read and now I'm really glad I went with them!

Lee was our driver/tour guide & he was chock full of knowledge on just about everything! He talked to us during the entire drive from the moment we got into the van, which in itself was very roomy & comfortable. He shared facts about each town we passed, little tidbits you probably won't find in tour guidebooks, and told us all about the different animals, plants & cactus we saw while on the road. 

The group we were with was a small group of 5 people so it had a really nice, cozy feeling. Lee was very accomodating whenever we needed to make an emergency bathroom stop, which happened somewhat frequently with all the complimentary water they gave us! Haha. We made many stops along the southern rim of Grand Canyon & we were taken down on a few trails that were away from where most of the visitors usually congregate & with spectacular views so we got a chance to enjoy the beauty of nature in a peaceful environment.

I highly recommend Southwest Tours & would definitely consider using them again the next time we go out there for a visit.",4.0
"I've been using this service since it started 2 or more years ago. For the first year or so, it was excellent and deserving of a 5 star rating. At $10/day, the level of convenience and customer service delivered was an extraordinary value that I found easy to justify to myself and to my company. The business delivered a premium parking experience at a modest price; in other words, the value proposition was very strong.

Full disclosure: I'm a frequent business flyer who has traveled weekly for many years. The business valet was a huge improvement over the daily garage or satellite lots (to be honest, the best parking experience ever was the old Remote lot...RIP.) 

However, as the construction got worse around the airport, and word got out about the Business Valet, the service has degraded to the point where I use it only when running late.  It seems like it was a victim of its own success. It also seems like the management was not able to handle the service past a certain level and has been struggling ever since. Their processes and systems were built to handle the initial load, but at some point, could not keep up with the upsurge in growth and volume. As the price was still $10/day, I found it difficult to go back to self-parking.

Earlier this year, after the airport commission fiasco, CLT raised the rates at all it's parking facilities. The airport also changed the company that was managing the service. My sincere hope was that the rate increase would shed traffic from the business valet and, along with the new management, restore the customer service back to it's original levels. 

Sadly, it's now May and though the traffic seems a bit lower, the customer service is still awful. Last night I started calling with my claim number from the plane. The phone rang and rang and rang with no answer. I tried back a few times and was finally greeted with a rushed rude voice. Making my way out to the curb, I joined dozens of others waiting for the shuttle bus. When the 10 passenger bus pulled up, I was fortunate to get on. 

Arriving at the facility, we had to wait in yet another line to pay. While waiting, the phones were ringing and not being answered; I sympathized with the frustrated callers on the other end. 

After paying, the clerk ventured off for the minutes long and fruitless search for my keys. I was then told my car was still being retrieved...despite a full 15 or 20 minutes passing since I called for it. 

As I waited on the sidewalk for my car to be found and brought around, I swore to myself as I have for a year now that I wouldn't use this service again. It's definitely nowhere near the value it once was. It is not a premium or even an above average level service. It's now a mediocre service at a premium price. 

The employees themselves are friendly and hard working.  I see this as a management failure more than anything. They lack the experience to implement the proper processes to run the business as it should be. They've lost sight of why customers would choose this service over self-parking. Hint: It's about the experience.",2.0
The staff is great!!! I love that they recommend non-antibiotics for my daughter's acne as a first couple of tries before just going to the hard stuff.,5.0
"Came here for the Bradley vs Marquez fight. Im excited because this was my first ever live boxing match and my first time ever at T and M. Was all ready to pay for parking but pleasantly found out that you didn't have to. Parking was half full but we had a disabled person with us so we got to park right in front of the arena. 

Like all hyped up epic boxing matches, there are always undercards that go before the main event so that whatever drama that has been building up since its announcement can marinate in everybody's minds. 

Of course, until the main event comes around, the arena is only half full. It's like a party atmosphere until then no matter who is on the undercard. I would say about 3/4 of the crowd were Mexican pulling for Marquez. Lots of Mexican flags being waved around not the mention all the cervezas flowing.

The sound system is nice and loud especially when they play music for introductions and videos played on the big screens. The only bad thing was that when they actually spoke into the mics, it wasn't as loud and not very clear.

What makes this a 4 instead of a 5 star review is not because of the lousy mics, its because of the lousy overall design of the parking lot logistics. Earlier, we were ecstatic because we scored a disabled parking spot. Only problem was that getting out was a total nightmare. Since we were basically parked in front of the entrance of the arena, a massive amount of attendees were all over the place walking back to their car. This was probably the only time that cars did not have the right of way. You had people all over the place walking around like zombies. Yes you had parking attendees directing you where to go but it didn't matter because the people walking around didn't care if you were trying to get out of the parking lot. They just kept on walking like there were no cars at all rolling around. This definitely has to be redesigned. Im sure this is not as bad as a problem at other arenas.

Overall, I had fun up until we had to leave. Maybe next  time we we just wont park so close to the arena. Oh btw, the fight went the full 12 rounds and Bradley won by split decision.",4.0
"I really do like Euro Pizza.  The first time I had their pizza was next door at Grapeables (another great place).  The Mediterranean pizza is what we usually order from here, however we have ordered the chicken roll and the Greek salad.  So far my only complaint is the menu states the Greek salad is mixed greens but it's really ice burg lettuce (ick).  

Every experience at Euro Pizza has been pleasant.  We are greeted by multiple people upon arrival, always seated right away and the view of the Fountain Park is amazing.  The staff is very attentive with refilling your waters / cocktails and the food comes out fairly quick and you always see a familiar face.  
.  

AND they have a great happy hour!!!",4.0
Locally owned an operated and I love that about it!  The owner is there all the time to greet you and take care of you.  The food is really good.  BEWARE: Chips are yummy and addictive!!,5.0
"Actually a 2.5 because it was just too oily. The restaurant was nice and cozy, but the food was not that great. I'm not sure if it was just the dish I ordered, or the food in general.

Either way, I am reluctant on trying this place again, and am not sure if I would recommend it to a friend.",2.0
"They've got a little but of everything. If you're looking for home items, they're the place to go. A lot little eclectic items that you wouldn't find most places. 

In the past month, I've been like 3x, each time I walk out with more than I wanted. Last nights visit, however, kept me in the store longer than expected. All I wanted to do was an exchange, but note that's extremely difficult without a receipt. I didn't want NY money back just the normal, I'll give you a gift card. Finally, after their computer taking 10 min to process, I was able to get out of there with what I wanted. 

They do warn you, keep receipt and payment method in case of a return. This partially my fault. 

Also, bonus they're open to 10pm weekdays.",4.0
"A very odd thing happened when I opened a present that I received from my girlfriend - the product was not inside of the box. We decided to go to Target to try and exchange it.

We were a little hesitant at first. We thought maybe they wouldn't believe us, but ultimately we decided we should at least try. We found the receipt and left.

When we arrived, we explained the situation to the guy behind the return desk, Amir. He was very understanding. He said that he's heard of this happening but has never actually witnessed it. He needed to speak to a manager about it.

Latoya arrived and she was very helpful. We explained the situation to her and she okay'd the exchange. The item however was not in stock so Latoya called other nearby Targets to see if the had the product and if they could hold it for us. Great customer service.

Kudos to Amir and Latoya for their help!",5.0
"Too bad 6 stars arent available. We decided on Toscano for our 44th anniversary. Greatest anniversary dinner ever! The food was outstanding, the atmosphere was exactly what you want in an Italian Vegas steak house. Very upscale but intimate. The icing on the cake was our service from Kodi. We mentioned our anniversary in passing and he took it to the top! Brought little complimentary extras to the table during evening making the experience unforgetable. Found our new place for special occasions.",5.0
"Definitely one of the best veterinary clinic I've been to. Dr. Soltero (or they seem to typically just say Dr. Mike) was amazing.

Our cat Latte had managed to eat two dryer sheets (.... don't ask.) When we called the clinic at 7AM as they opened, they agreed for us to bring Latte in immediately. Dr. Mike was extremely patient and thorough. He gave us full detail on what he was going to do (kept Latte there to do x-ray a few hours after giving him barium, fluid, antinausea + antivomit medication, etc.) Unfortunately Latte eventually had to undergo surgery to remove the dryer sheet, but it all went well.

The next two days Latte was being stubborn and wouldn't eat anything, I had to take him back. Every single visit to that small room, Dr. Mike was nothing but patient, gentle, informative and of course, helpful. Unlike many other vets I've seen, that they can't wait to get out of the room soon as they think they've done giving you the basic. Dr. Mike would always be around long enough to answer any questions, (I think) even hang around a few more minutes just to see if you eventually think of something to ask.

And the staffs are also very warming and compassionate. When I called in today to tell them how Latte had finally started eating on his own (with excitement), the staff over the phone genuinely sounded almost as exciting as I did, said ""omg of course it's a great news, I'll go tell Dr. Mike RIGHT NOW!"" :)

Latte's definitely on his way of recovery right now. He finally stopped missing his dryer sheet and started eating his real food. We can not thank Dr. Mike and Saguaro Veterinary clinic enough.

Bottom line, this IS the clinic to go, imo. :-)",5.0
"Horrible customer service! I found a phone in the cab when I was picked up and handed it to the driver, and as I was rushed out of the cab I accidentally left my phone on the seat. The cab took off too quick for me to get it back. I did call their lost an found and was told there were no phones turned in for the night I had used the cab. So, the lost and found is a joke!",1.0
"This place has pretty good food. I had tortilla soup which I'd never had before but loved it. I also ordered some tortillas but they were mostly charred. I also had some mini chimis and they were ok. Bit dry.

I docked it two stars however because of the way the servers are forced to work. I was with big parties both nights I was there, and the restaurant seats them and has no manpower to take care of them if it's at all busy. 

The first night, my server Fannie was an absolute sweetheart. I told the manager and he said that he'd only been there 5 days and had already added her as ""one of his favorites"". I'm sorry dude, you're nice and everything but five days in you shouldn't already be having favorites. I mean Fannie should be everyone's favorite but hold your judgement for a couple weeks man! You don't even know your staff yet! He also said that if I wrote a good review about her she would get a chance to join a raffle for free work uniforms and stuff like that. That seems wrong to me. Uniforms should be paid for by the jobs anyway. (I should know, because mine aren't either and it's bull. How are you gunna make someone pay to work at a place?!) 

Anyway both nights the place was understaffed and the servers had good poker faces but they were drowning. It took forever just to take our orders because the servers were stretched so thin. Then the food took forever because there weren't enough cooks. 

In all it took over half an hour to get me some water (the second night, I don't know who that server was but it wasn't Fannie! That angel kept me and my friends quenched! But I know the second server was also in over his head with customers poor thing) 

And over an hour to get food. So I would definitely recommend this place in small groups and either on slow hours or with patience. 

I would also recommend people to start applying here and help these servers out! You rock Fannie. You deserve better.",3.0
Bun Bo Hue and Hu tieu Bo Kho are both really good. Tasteful with the right ingredients and spice. This s a regular place for my wife and I.,5.0
My cousin used BoothNV for a party recently.  The booth was a great size and the quality of the pictures were better than others I have seen that charge more! We loved the booth so much we are going to use it for my upcoming wedding as well!!,5.0
"I just moved and I don't have my washer and dryer installed yet, so I figured I just skip on down to the ol' laundry mat and get some towels/sheets washed. This is my first experience at a coin-less laundry mat...lets start with first impressions. It smelled really nice, and considering it was located in a very rundown shopping center, I was pleasantly surprised that it was not AS rundown as the rest of the center. 

I know I needed to wash my clothes...but there were a lot of washers to choose from and I had no clue where to get started, but luckily right in front of me there were a line of washers claiming to do 30 lbs of clothes (about three loads) at once! Oh, that sounds good to me, so I throw most of my clothes into 4 available machines (yes, I had a lot) and I go to figure out how to get money on my 'coin-less card' - There was a guy putting money on his card and I walked up to him and I was like ""How do I get one of those?"" (pointing to the card) He looked at me for a second and then said, ""I only know how to put money on it."" Okay, so he walks off and I just stand there trying to understand the 'help' video that is now on the Spanish cycle...I was hoping my high school Spanish classes would kick in and I would magically know exactly what that stupid little video was say, but I had no such luck... 

The lady who was working there soon found me wondering around near the help desk and she showed me how to get a card and put money on it. So, I didn't know how much this was going to cost me, so I just start with 5 dollars - I'm thinking ""hey I could at least do the 4 loads started while I find another open washer to throw the rest of my stuff into."" So I go up tot he first machine and it's like $5.95! What!? Does it really cost that much?? So I go back and put more money on my card...what I don't like about this, and I picked it up immediately, was the $5.95 or my next washer (which held 60lbs of laundry - where was this one the first time!) was that the prices weren't equal dollar amounts so eventually I ended up with .35 cents on my card. I can't use that 35 cents - and the money machines conveniently do not take change, only paper money so you are stuck with odd amounts of unused money on your card! LAME. 

Okay, while I was waiting for my washes to finish and eventually my drying as well, I saw a few cockroaches (kids, there with their parents, were even playing with them...ah to be young again...) my clothes never really did get all the way dried. And maybe if I stayed way longer I could have gotten them completely dry but I was done with the smell (which was pleasant at first but by now -almost 2 hours later - was starting to give me a headache) and I was definitely done with the brave little cockroaches coming out to play with everyone. 

The lady working there was really nice and really helpful. Even though all she did was stare at me when I complained I would never get my .35 cents back.",3.0
"Tried chicken 65 and momos which were great. In main course we had chili chicken(okay), schezwan lamb curry(bad) and shrimp Manchurian(okay). In general the main course was not that great so ordered chocolate sauce cake to forget the taste of the lamb curry.",3.0
"If you go to Pittsburgh, you must must must do this! The view is spectacular! Well worth the $5...also, there are some nice restaurants up top if you want to eat.",5.0
Delicious as always! I had fun enjoying a tasty treat and playing a game of trouble too.,5.0
"Horrible, horrible, horrible! We had reservations since September for a master suite, they checked us into a Jr. without even the courtesy of acknowledging it. When we called them on it, the concerierge just handed me the phone for the 800 number in Florida. Of course they couldn't do anything about it but offer me a $25 gift card. The Jr wasn't even big enough for the 4 of us (which is why we booked a master). The pull out sofa was broken and had screws protruding. NO WI-FI! are you kidding me... This is 2011 isn't it? What exactly is the ""five star villa"" experience? The staff was terrible, the room was 2 star at best. Run from this place!",1.0
"I am a big fan of this place. After moving to pittsburgh recently, I found it on a whim. I am impressed by their quality of rolls (especially considering the price). The buy one get one 1/2 off offer still stands for all of their special rolls. 

The rainbow roll that I ordered had sauce on top, which was kind of weird - but the fish itself was fantastic. They also seem to have high quality sticky rice that is properly seasoned with vinegar. 

Today I had a sashimi lunch with a california roll & miso soup. It was all delicious but the salmon especially was to-die-for! Tommy was quite quiet, but it was business as usual, so it wasn't my concern. I took it to go, so I was eager to be in and out - which I was!

I am definitely going to head there for lunch more often!",5.0
"The spa is gorgeous! I've always enjoyed my treatments here along with the beautiful surroundings. But as I lay here, I'm listening to the sounds of construction. I can hear workers, trucks and the worst part, back up noise every time they go in reverse. There's nothing tranquil and relaxing about this environment, which is the entire reason I decided to book a spa package here (when I live less than a mile away) in the first place.",1.0
Great simple and fresh tasting subs.  I'm from WI where these places are popular and they are just as good here!,5.0
"My husband had bookmarked Spiga Cucina a while ago, the restaurant is a pretty far drive for us but we decided to go on Saturday night. I had made a reservation for us, but we still had to wait for about 10 or so minutes to be seated. Our waiter came by shortly after & gave us time to browse the menu.

I ordered the Tagliatelle Gambari -- pasta with shrimp, garlic, shallots, tomatoes, & spinach tossed in a white wine-garlic butter sauce. My husband got the Spaghetti Amore -- pasta with chicken & roasted red peppers in a sundried tomato cream sauce.

The Tagliatelle was light and tasty, it was a good summer pasta dish. If I got it again, I'd ask for it to be made without the tomatoes. The Spaghetti was a bit heavier with the cream sauce but also tasty. We had leftovers of both pasta dishes and while I normally leave those for my husband, I actually ate both of these!

Whenever I see creme brle on the menu, I can't help but ordering it. This dessert here was darn near perfect! It was light and creamy, super tasty. My husband is a take-it or leave-it kind of person when it comes to dessert but he actually ate half of this creme brle!

Overall, if you're looking for an Italian restaurant in the area, I'd recommend checking out Spiga Cucina. I'm not sure when we will make a trek back out that far north, but whenever we do, I already know what I am definitely getting .. the creme brle of course!",4.0
"Great service, good garlic knots and decent pizza. The honored a yelp coupon even though the owner said he was losing money on it. Most def go back.",3.0
"Anniversary dinner. Had an amazing steak here. Margaritas were delicious. Would have liked a booth or more private seating. Very open for big parties, ok for private events.",4.0
What a fun place and great location! Right on the strip with amazing views. My friends and I had so much fun! Our host Andre James (Imajvip@gmail.com) was very friendly and helpful. He made sure we were taken care of all night and even got us a discount on our room. We will definitely be returning and this is why I love this city! Thanks Chateau,5.0
"This club was rockin! The music was a mix of current & old school hip hop...which is hard to find these days. Dj really kept the groove going & the dance floor was PACKED! 
Everyone was in there to have a good time and the energy was amazing. We entered after midnight and still got in for free. The drinks were strong & the guys were hot, I was so busy getting down on the main floor I didn't even know about the patio or second tier...but will DEFINITELY check that out next time.",5.0
"I had an issue with my disposal, and couldn't even wash my dishes, so I needed a plumber on a Saturday asap, and Gabe was able to help. He was amazing! He cleaned up after himself, fixed the disposal, and was able to give me some tips. He provides other services, and I am going to keep his number in the event that I need any other services. Will definitely recommend!!",5.0
"I ordered the House Lo Mein dish for my meal (I had to pay a bit extra for the beef to be added since its not included in the dish but thats no biggie for me). The dish turned out pretty good, not greasy, and the proteins were cooked perfectly nothing over done or under cooked, a selling point for me. The sauce was a bit thin and some what lacking in flavor but that didnt affect the dish majorly. Overall my experience was pleasant and I will be returning.",3.0
"A weeeee bit overpriced, though not surprising if they have to cover mall rent inside Scarboough Town Centre.

My family and I tried a Nutella-licious crpe ($5.20) with whipped cream ($1.50). Service was speedy and polite, but I'm not sure it was worth the $7 I paid. 

Nothing to rave about, but not a bad snack either.",3.0
"Working in Phoenix and found a hidden gem. If you like true Italian food this is the place. The portions are perfect not too much but a nice portion you would make yourself at home. You have to ask for the meatballs
Which I found out after I ordered the Veal
But I will be back for those.
The veal was great. Cooked perfectly in a lemon wine sauce with mushrooms and artichokes. Yumm is all can say .
Family owned with lots of local traffic love it! I will be back during my next trip for those meatballs.",5.0
"Sharon was awesome to work with. Not only was she kind and curteous from the initial contact point, she  was professional  in handling my delivery from out of state. Unfortunately  the driver who made my delivery was a bully. Sharon did all she possibly could to assist.",5.0
I ordered the west coat which was actually very good the only problem was the waiting it took over 30 minutes to make my sandwich which was a little upsetting since they said it would only be 15 minutes. Friendly customer service maybe they were short staffed ? Because the resteraunt wasn't very busy. the sandwich was ok too me I think bruxxi on the Las Vegas strip is better. The waffle isn't as crisply as I would like it's more of a regular house type waffle which is still very delicious.,3.0
"Love love love!! 
Difficult to find, but glad we did. We were uptown for  concert at the knight theater and did not have a lot of time to grab dinner before the show. This was walking distance of the theater, they were quick, an inexpensive option for uptown, but best of all delicious and unique pizza! They offered a vegan cheese that made my dairy free son very happy! 
Will def come here again when uptown and don't want to do the fine dining.",5.0
"My son has been begging me to come to this place and so we've been several times recently and we love the pizza here....it seems to be family owned with a very nice staff so I'm glad we finally decided to try it.  The pastas in my opinion are not as good as the pizza and stromboli, so for now this is my new pizza crush.",4.0
"I am really upset about my experience with Jenny. She is very, very nice and I was confident that my dress was going to be in great hands given the amazing Yelp reviews. We originally met in December (my wedding being 5 months away) with the hopes of having a few appointments and last fitting just a week before the wedding. During my second fitting in January, she told me that I would have to pick up my dress in Feberuary because she was going to be on vacation in April and May.
I understand that vacations are great but she is going on vacation during prime wedding season! If I would have known right off the bat that I would have had to pick up my dress in February from her, I would have immediately gone somewhere else. I wasn't allowed to lose weight or anything (which, who doesn't want to lose weight before their wedding??) because that would change the way the dress fits me.

My dress didn't need much done. Just a hem, minor take in at the bust, a bustle, dry cleaning and the fastening of a few loose beads because I bought my dress used. That was almost $500 total. 
During my final fitting, I had some concerns and all she said was that it was ""normal.""
I am not by any means a picky or hard to please person so when I have a concern, it's generally not about something that is ""normal.""

When I tried on my dress just last week (2 weeks before the wedding) to make sure it still fit good, I noticed that the beads were still loose and my MOH and I could not figure out how to bustle it. When we did it the way she told us, it looked so sloppy and the dress was dragging on the ground more than it should have. We even tried our own ways and it just was not working.

Because Jenny was on vacation, I had to go to someone else to figure out how to bustle it (10 days before the wedding!!!) When I went there, she told me that the bustle Jenny had done was done very poorly and that I would need to have it redone a different, more simple way. She also told me that the take in at the bust was done poorly because the ribbing was too visible (something that I was concerned about but was told was ""normal"") and I'll mention again that there were still several beads loose. I told her that I paid almost $500 to get my alterations done elsewhere and she said that it was way overpriced.

I just had to pay another $100 with this new shop to fix the bust so the ribbing doesn't show, the beads are fastened,and there is a more simple bustle technique. It would have been $50 but I was charged another $50 for a rush alteration which I am completely understanding of. If you are looking for a wonderful alterations experience... go to Sukie's Bridal!

I genuinely like Jenny and she is really sweet but I feel like I just wasted a huge chunk of money. 

I hope that everyone has a better experience.",2.0
"Absolutely delightful and delicious!

I miss the good old days when I used to live across the street from this place. It became my absolute favorite, great for romantic occasions and friend hangouts.

My personal favorites are:

- Pan seared scallops (I am a big fan, and they really know how to sear a scallop here!)
- White sauce pizza with pear and prosciutto
- Pistachio coated pan-seared Tuna
- Carpaccio
- Gelato for desert or delicious Cannoli Siciliani

mmmm

Paired with my favorite Aglianico wine :)

Enjoy!

PS I also find it extremely affordable for being such a delightful place, calm atmosphere, good music, also very quiet even on the weekends.",5.0
"Alan is a remarkable stylist.  His salon was recommended by a friend and I was not disappointed!  Having gone to chain hair cutting places for years, i decided to change things up a bit and go to a real salon with a real stylist and was very happy I did.  Not only was I listened to but time was taken to help me feel valued and cared for.  I left relaxed and with a great haircut at a price that was extremely budget friendly.  if you are looking for a wonderful experience that you won't believe, go here.  I'm going back for a manicure and pedicure...yes, this is a full service salon.",5.0
"Your typical greasy spoon. The hours are a bit odd; another yelper called them erratic, which is a perfect description. I have seen this place for years and I think I've seen it open all of twice, today being one of those times. It's also very small and manned by Rocky himself, who does all the cooking, so even though its small there can be a wait if the tables are full. They are only open for breakfast, so the menu is limited. Just eggs, omelets and pancakes mostly. The most expensive thing on the menu was $6.99 and you get a very large portion, so it's definitely affordable. Like I said, your typical frill-less greasy spoon.
*the Yelp header describes it as Italian, Mexican and Sandwiches (????) which is grossly inaccurate, so please don't try to go there for pasta or tacos",2.0
BAD SERVICE!!!! I waled in alone and no one came by to take my order for 15min. I asked the server 3 times to take my order and they pretty ignored me. And gave full attention to the table next me who were a bigger party with more orders. I really do not appreciate this place and im not coming back for sure.,1.0
"We visited while on our anniversary and wanted a quick bite to eat, Damian was VERY helpful! He left his post at the host stand to make sure we and every other guest in the building were taken care of! Very friendly and very attentive! All five stars are for the food and the service!",5.0
"I am a fan for their hand-pulled noodles!  Hubby wanted some soup dumplings so we decided yesterday that we will try out DK for lunch today.  We arrived and notice that Christmas dcor was up.  Wondered if DK celebrated Christmas all year round or they are just super excited for Christmas and already put up the decorations.  The restaurant's chairs were all covered with red flowered fabric.  Lots of red everywhere.  Hurts the eyes a bit.  Chairs were uncomfortable.

Onto the food:
- Beef Soup Dumplings: We thought this was ok.  We definitely had better. Couldn't really taste the soup in these medium sized dumplings.  We will pass on this next time.
-Teppan Tofu:  We had to ask for some steam rice to eat with this.  The sauce was very flavorful.  The tofu were soft inside and somewhat crispy on the outside.  I thought this was above mediocre.
-Shrimp Fried Noodle:  The hand-pulled noodle is the best hand-pulled cooked noodle I have tasted to date.  The texture and chewiness was perfect.  The shrimps were perfectly cooked as well.  I have had my share of overcooked shrimp and it can kill a dish.  Not at DK!  

We also had to order a pot of hot tea.  We did noticed that another family of 3 that came in after us was given hot tea and steam rice without having to ask for them.  *Shrug

Additionally, we had to wait 45 mins to get our noodle and tofu dish.  The lady owner did apologize for the wait since her husband had to run out to the store to buy veggies for the dish.  But, it's ok.  She was very kind and we didn't mind waiting.

Overall, this is a 3.5 star restaurant to us.  We will be back to try other items.",4.0
"I don't normally write reviews if I don't have something nice to say, but I want to warn others. After going to Princess Nails once, I NOW HAVE A NAIL FUNGUS. I have been doing nails for years, and this has never happened.

I moved to Anthem recently, and I'm looking to replace my wonderful gel nail tech who I have been going to for years. I wandered into this place on a Sunday morning and asked if they do gel nails. YES was the enthusiastic reply. Then, the nail tech tried to do acrylic. (That should have been a clue.) Long story short, the nail tech gave me a full set of gels, but he didn't know what he was doing. 

I don't like dishonesty. They could have just told me that their normal gel person wasn't there. I would have come back. Now, I will NEVER go back. BUYER BEWARE.",1.0
"Taco Tuesday!  $1 tacos and $2 coronas all day!  Two of us had the Taco Pizza and 9 tacos!  Great food, great price, great service!!!",5.0
"It's about time York got a good fro-yo place! (Sorry, Yogen Fruz... You aren't it.) This place has the same vibe as a Menchie's or Yogurty's - pick your flavour (they have some unique ones here), pour as much as you want, and top it with however much you want (lots of options - fruit, chocolate, drizzles, nuts, cookie dough, etc.), and then you get billed by weight. The cherry on top of this wonderful fro-yo experience is that the owner and staff are really friendly. Yay!",4.0
"Cheap and fast oil change and I love their waiting room, big leather couches, roomy, away from the door, big tv...this is a really cool place to get an oil change and he alerted me to a bigger problem which did turn out to be pretty urgent (busted CV boot) but I took it to my mechanic who (and I already knew) charged me half of what they quoted me but my mechanic also asked me whether or not my car was making any noise beforehand and I said ""NO, everything was great until I went in to Big O for the oil change and he told me the CV boot was busted...why???"" and the mechanic said well look at it, and the rubber cv boot had a nice clean beautiful slice across it......and my mechanic's opinion was that Big O cut my CV boot theirself....after reading the other reviews of this place I honestly will never ever go here again, and Im sorry for all the trouble he caused me...I was without my car 9 days, had to bus, bum rides, missed some christmas events all so slimballs could make a fast buck. If a cv boot busted/broke...it would obviously look ripped since its all rubber...it would never ever look like a clean knife slice...",1.0
It was really good.  I went with the shellfish tower.  The oysters were really good and fresh.  I think they were Fanny Bay's and Gulf Coast.  I love shellfish and it is always fun to do something like this.,5.0
"AWESOME dining experience.  We stumbled into this place after being unable to get a table at several different Old Town restaurants.  The service was outstanding, the drinks were fantastic and every bite of our dinner was delicious.  Do not miss the opportunity to have dinner here!!!",5.0
"This is very good asan, specially for an airport... Try the noodles. There is also a good amount of space to sit and a bar with TVs",5.0
Amazing place!! Love it! The food is delicious. They have one of the best steaks ever!! And they were so nice! Definitely going back with the hubs!,5.0
Awesome atmosphere!! Went here with a Groupon Now and loved it. The food was good. They were really flexible with the bill too.,5.0
"I was recently invited here by a friend who occasionally does stand-up at this location. I was visiting from out of town and  she thought we'd like to check it out.

The venue itself is nice enough. I've been in comedy clubs that were not a nicely laid out or kept up...this place wasn't dingy and sketchy as far as I could see. It was nice having it attached to the restaurant as well (way more menu options -  bacon wrapped shrimps were awesome in a decadent unhealthy way)) but it also meant if you needed to use a washroom you had to walk all the way through the restaurant to get to them. Also, when I arrived it was hard to tell where the club part was at first.

The line up was mixed...that is the case with most local shows anywhere you go. We all have different senses of humour, right? And even comics have their good and bad nights. Most were good, only one was painful and a couple were standouts.

Service was great in the beginning but my server seemed to lose interet half way through. Which is too bad because I probably would have had more to drink if she had just asked. Oh well.

I'm kind of between a three and a four for this one. Perhaps I'll check it out again whenever I'm back in town.",3.0
"The setup is laid back for this place. 
Their claim to fame are the sliders and can be ordered in a mix and match configuration (3,5,7 and 10) I would say if you are larger group for sure go for the 10 count. 
I ordered a 3 count with 2 beef and one catfish. The beef was so so but the catfish was a pleasant surprise. I would come back just for the cat fish again if in the mood for sliders and perhaps even try other non beef iteration. 
Beer list though long needs a bit more diversity. Cocktails seem to be their forte' along with the sliders. 
A good spot to check out if you are in the area.",3.0
"Mimi's in general is consistently going downhill.  No matter what location, the service is sub par. Coffee?  Can't even wave someone over for a refill.  Muffins are a specialty, but 9 am in a Sunday they are explaining that they really haven't baked everything yet & didn't have what's in the menu. Pancakes were dry & chewy & my husbands croissant breakfast sandwich could hardly be cut & the cheese was just congealed over the egg like it had just been thrown in a microwave. Over the past 4 years I don't know if ownership or management has changed. The menu definitely has. The only reason we come in occasion is because someone from another state gave us 2 large gif cards. When those are yo, so is Mimi's. A shame really.",3.0
"sitting at the front, feeling part of the sweaty and every increasing lineup by the door was not the best seating arrangement for us, but we did manage to order some interesting food and have a relatively romantic time.

we started with some butter tea.  mmmm youd think, but as my bubbie loved to say at the smell of a fart lets say, ""feh"".  in my opinion salty tea that tastes like butter is not the right combo.  i hate to stain the face of an iconic tibetan drink but hey, prove to me that i got the lemon of the bunch and im all for it.

the first dish to arrive was a lentil soup that was very tasty.  after that came the famous ""momos"".  these are very intricately shaped dumplings.  if you could be a little fly flying above them it might look like a gigantic bike wheel, spokes and all, but made of dough, that you, as the fly could barf on and then eat, and then barf up again and then...

well they didnt make me want to barf in the least.  they came with a very tangy sauce, and ours were filled with spinach and cheese.  i would have liked to try the meat or seafood versions, but it almost doesnt matter when there are dumplings of any origin on the table.  i did find them a bit doughy for my undivided liking, though.  

as my main, i had a shrimp dish with veggies that was very juicy and mixed well with my rice.  the other dish i got which was unnecessary and not all that interesting was a type of specialty bread they make. it was like foccaccia on steroids and i tried to like it by dipping it in stuff but it was no great shakes.

i would come back again if i was in the area, but id just as soon expand my horizons and try other tibetan places as well.",3.0
4 star hotel with a very cool pool area with a lazy river. This area is known as the River Ranch and all ages are welcome. The rooms are comfy and clean. Staff was also every friendly.,4.0
"I've been here numerous times and the students are sweet and eager to learn. The instructors however, need to learn a bit about customer service. We are your clients and help you teach your students. Get off your high horse. I won't be back.",1.0
Ivanno is great and his prices are super reasonable. This was the second year he did my taxes and I'll most definitely be coming back every year!,5.0
"Stay away! The chicken isn't worth it and they never give you what you ordered. 

This is my fifth time going to this location, and it's the fifth time my order has been messed up. They seem to always leave things out. This time it was the fries, biscuit, and drink. At this point I'm so sick of correcting  them, or driving back to get it corrected that I've decided to instead drive farther to KFC, where they have necer messed up my order, and the chicken is better. 

If you decide to stop here, make sure you check your order before driving away.",1.0
"This place reminds me of Ken's pancake house back in Hawaii, with many pancake choices and Hawaiian food here and there. This new location has a shorter wait than the original store on weekends and it's much roomier so I prefer this store. 

I was the one who wanted to go here, but my friend who has a sweet tooth started getting more excited than me as he perused the menu. No surprise since the pancakes sound more like desserts than breakfast food. We ordered a few to try - red velvet tastes like dessert with marshmallow whipped cream and cream cheese syrup, while white chocolate and the others taste just like normal pancakes with fancy toppings. Also, the kalua pig benedict didn't taste like normal kalua pig so I wouldn't recommend it. 

Stick with the red velvet pancake here. Expect it to taste like dessert. And a short stack is more than enough for two people, trust me.",3.0
I havent been here in about 8 years due to a bad meal I had long ago that I couldnt shake.  So I decided while I was Uptown having lunch to give it another go...it has been afterall about 8 years.  I have to say I was extremely impressed!  Everything was exceptional and well made.   Our waitress Alex was so sweet and knew the menu well and recommended the lobster bisque which wasnt on the menu.  It was perfection!  HUGE lumps of lobster meat swimming in a rich creamy broth.  OMG..it was so good.  Plus the truffle fries are the best Ive had in Charlotte so far!  The manger Bryce was so nice and accomodating.  He went out of his way to make the experience great.  Will not hesitate to return!,5.0
"I love this place, simply just love it.
   I have now been to this amazing restaurant 7 times and the last one was with a large party. The owner and staff are great  and always accommodating.Their knowledge of the products of which they serve is superb.
   Now for the good part, the food and beer! Everything I have tried here is fantastic. The brick oven bread is a great appetizer, soft doughy bites that come with a marinara sauce that is to die for. Their prosciutto wrapped asparagus is phenomenal, granted anything with prosciutto is :p.  Last night I had the special which isn't on the menu but its up on the board in bright pink writing! This pizza is too good for words, I added a prosciutto base (shocking I know) and feta and the flavors from these just complemented this pizza. 
    Anyways enough rambling from me, about my favorite new pizza place.",5.0
"My friends and I were in Vegas to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday. We thought that Turnt Up Tours would be a great way to do that. And it definitely was. Our host, Lolo, and her assistant for the night, Amanda, were incredible. They were always checking up on us and made sure we were having a great time. Every time we got into the bus, they gave us whatever mixer we wanted so we could get to the fun as soon as possible. We got some Mardi Gras beads as well.

Going from club to club, Lolo was super organized. She let us know where were going to meet up and where. Kept everything very efficient and extremely fun.

The clubs themselves were pretty fun. With the tour starting at 10pm, the first club we went to, Surrender, was pretty dead, but it did start to pick up as our hour there was wrapping up. The DJ was playing a lot of EDM, which I'm not the biggest fan of. 
The next club, Light, was pretty awesome. Lots of hip-hop, which is more of my speed. This place was definitely more lively than the first, most likely due to the time we were there. Lolo checked-in with us while we were here and even danced with our group for a little while.
The last club, Chateau, was cool too. It was inside the Eiffel tower and the music was fire. A lot of hip-hop again. Don't know which was more responsible for our fun there; the club itself, or the liquor, but we had a blast.

tl:dr I highly, highly recommend Turnt Up Tours. It was definitely one of the highlights of our weekend in Vegas. You're guaranteed to have a fantastic time.",5.0
"Yup - just came back from Vegas and needed to buy something using my roulette winnings so we got half priced tickets to Copperfield. Yup - show wasn't worth half price even ($75). Room is ""intimate"" and a bad state when it was still only 3/4 full on a Friday night (10pm showing) on July 3rd. Yup - A lot of filler, a lot of self promotion, dude performs on autoplay -- maybe he should mix it up and it would be fresh ... i dunno... just throwing that out there Mr. Copp. Yup.",2.0
I have searched for four years to find a stylist here in the valley.  I finally found megan at Gemini.  The place is small and friendly. I'm happy with my hair cuts and the color I've received.,5.0
Love this place! Super clean inside and staff are very friendly. Prices are very affordable for the area.,5.0
"This was my first food and cultural festival in Las Vegas.  One of the many benefits of living in a large city is the cultural diversity and what better way to experience it than going to a festival like this.

After a hike, two of us drove to the Clark County Government Center Amphitheater in downtown Las Vegas.  There was plenty of parking when we arrived.  At this festival, you purchase cards in different denominations to be paid to buy food or merchandise.  There was a table at each end of the food vendor area that sold the cards.  I got $20 worth which came as one $10 card, one $5 card, and five $1 cards.  The vendors give you change in cards so all money is handled in one area.

My friend and I first walked along to look at all the food offerings.  The vendors are under the canopy opposite the performing stage at the amphitheater.  The first set you come to were all food vendors and the second set were all clothing, jewelry, and assorted services such as tarot readings and henna tattoos.  

After our walk, we headed back to the food vendors.  We started with splitting an order of chicken momos that came with a tomato based dipping sauce that had some nice spice to it.  That, along with some mango lassi, made for a good appetizer.

The amphitheater has a large grassy area but we set up our lawn chairs under some trees for shade.  After meeting another person, we went back and got some more lunch.  I got an order of pani puri that was something I'd never tried before and it was very good and very filling.  It was explained to me that this was Indian fast food.

Before we left, we watched some of the Raas competition.  We weren't close to the stage but it was better to stay out of the full sun and watch from our seats.

I later learned that the Vaisakhi festival is a traditional Sikh spring harvest festival.  I am certainly a fan of the festival and I'll be back next year.",4.0
"My wife and I decided to give Chipotle a shot after the food fiasco they've encountered over the past 6 months.  We ordered via the phone app and there were no problems, easy and convenient.  However, we got home and unpacked our food..  our kids chicken quesadilla had no chicken!  It only had guacamole and bell peppers on the side.  To make matters worse the fruit that came with their meal was an orange that had fungus and rotten on the inside.  Ugh!  Doubt we'll be back which kinda sucks because it's very close to our home.",1.0
"Even after 2 years, they still deliver a superb burger, and they use grass-fed beef which makes for a high quality and tasty product.  Fries and chili are tasty as always, as well as the Italian beef and chicken sandwiches. Upgrade 1 star!",5.0
"Loved the balcony at docs, now that it's Mario's, still love the balcony. The downstairs has been changed for the better (except for that darn step that everyone seems to trip on).

Drinks are adequately priced. Still need to try trivia night though.",5.0
"So I'm a first time home owner and the AC unit definitely needed some maintenance. Called these guys up to come check it out. They were able to have a tech out the following day. They quickly diagnosed the issue and cut me a deal. I took it right away since other shops weren't offering me any deals. 

Highly recommend if you love to support local businesses. These guys are very trustworthy",5.0
"Easy off the 1-10, near the 202. A bit of driving from either. In the center of lots of shopping. Has all the things C-Stores have.",4.0
"From the moment I walked in for my consultation with Joel I was at ease. He took the time to review my ideas, schedule an appointment, and answered all my emails in-between. My tattoo wasn't just another appointment, it was an experience I will never forget.  Joel covered my tattoo and what it represents in prayer...something that I will hold dear in my heart.  His artistic ability is without measure and far exceeded what I could have imagined on my own.  Beyond blessed to have had my tattoo experience at Salt and Light and God knew what he was doing when he paired me up with Joel.",5.0
"I gotta say in super impressed with the place.  Ok - I just did a cortado but the lunch menu is solid and it's got brunch in the weekends plus it's uber kid friendly. They've got a kids zone. 

Staff are friendly an the natural lighting of the place makes it a great chill out spot to catch up on work (today anyways)",4.0
"I have gone to this office for almost three years and always had a positive experience until just recently. I am giving them 1 star because of their cancellation policy. I called in March when I had a horrible flu and made an appointment for the next day. When I called I asked, ""If I feel better tomorrow can I call and cancel the appointment?"" and was told that would be fine. I left a voicemail first thing the next morning that I was canceling the appointment, then received a call later that day that I had been a ""no show"" and this would be marked on my file. I called back and spoke to someone that said it was a misunderstanding and that the note would be removed from my file.
I just called to make an appointment for tomorrow and was told that because I had been a ""no show"" I had to pay a nonrefundable $35 fee to book an appointment. I told her the situation and she said that they considered cancellations within 24 hours of the appointment time a ""no show"" as well. 
I did not keep my appointment out of principle- I have never been late or missed an appointment before and feel I deserved one warning (I had no idea they had this policy!)- and also because I think $35 is unreasonable. I am a teacher that does her best to conserve money and having to pay $35 for nothing means I have to find a new doctor.
I recommended this office to friends before and their opinion was this office is just looking for money. When you walk in they are advertising skin care products, weight loss services, and aesthetic services which are all very expensive.
Erin and a lot of the staff are great, but sadly I won't be back.",1.0
"IMO this is the best crab in Las Vegas. Hush puppies doesn't flavor their crab and Hot N' Juicy crawfish is pricey and doesn't give you as much crab. My next stop was Cravin' Cajun which was reaaaaal good until they went out of business, so finally decided to check out The Boiling Crab.

No trouble finding parking, it is inside a local shopping center. Had no trouble getting seated, no wait. It is cafeteria style or you can sit in a booth in the back which is were we went. The service is fast, I order 2 pounds of Lemon Pepper flavored crab, it came with potatoes which were delish.

The flavor was so good cooked spicy to your liking, I always order more after I blow through my 2 pounds. I like it better than Hot N' Juicy (don't get me wrong, I also like Hot N Juicy, this is better tho). If your a crab fan check this place out, better priced than the competition. If I'm in the mood for crab this is where we go. Worth the stop, its located on the NW corner inside a business complex on Flamingo/Decatur (busy area).",4.0
"I'm so so glad I got a hold of Sarah again !! She is a fantastic stylist , great color/highlights and cut   ! The salon is beautiful , very relaxing.  Contact Sarah ! Never will I stray again",5.0
"Yes the ""staff"" reached out to me. Never an apology or an explanation.  Just able to post that they reached ""OUT"" to me. Makes my bank account feel all warm and fuzzy! Enjoy your scam.. I mean stay!",1.0
A fantastic find. One of the best meals ever. There are ample gluten free options. Family owned with real Brazilian connections. The staff is super informative as well as friendly. This place rates 6 stars!,5.0
Me and my husband have went here numerous times. It's a great price at $30 for 1 hr massage. Went to a few other places and never felt we got our money worth. Compared to other place that charge more than $60 per hour. We love this place and will keep coming back. Great service at a great price!,5.0
"5-stars for a fast food joint in a Casino food court?!?! Yup! We had McDonald's breakfast yesterday and today and everything was FANTASTIC! My husband went down yesterday and was back really quick and I volunteered to grab bfast today. LITERALLY NO LINE at 8am. I was expecting lines like 6-7 people deep. Nope! Our order came out at lightening-quick speed and I was back up to our room in about 5-8minutes TOPS! Of course the cost is a little more than a usual McDonald's but hey, it's to be expected. For (2) breakfast meals and (2) extra hash browns it came to $14.66. Much better than any of the breakfast buffets which charge at least $17/pp. Might go back again tomorrow!",5.0
"I didn't see thus restaurant coming at all! This place, although in a strip mall, has a quaint vibe, great staff, and GREAT food and FLAVOR, at a great price. I had the hummus trio and the salad with apples. Then to round out the health kick: the baked cookie with ice cream and various drizzles. Awesome. Am def going back to try more entrees and the creme brle!",4.0
"Went to this place for the first time on Sunday night. The food was very good. High-quality chicken, beef, and the shrimp fried rice was borderline excellent. There were six of us and every meal was good. The service was a little slow - the waitress disappeared for more than 20 minutes while we were in the middle of eating - but this place is a solid 4 stars. It is quite comparable to P.F. Chang's.",4.0
"Ms. Lintz helped my small moving business set up quick books. We did it remotely. Very conviniant. She was able to answer all the questions we had and knew quick books inside and out. She was able to simplify it for us so that we could understand it. Very helpful. The rates were very fair. Low hassle, fair rates and very imformative.  Thank you!",5.0
Jessica is the best! I had an agent before her with no results over the course of months. Jessica had me under contract in TEN DAYS! Her knowledge and experience helped to guide me to the type of property I needed and the right mortgage broker to get the deal done! The process was super easy and fairly stress-free (dropping a huge sum of cash isn't the most relaxing). Anyhoo - I look forward to a long partnership with Jessica. I will certainly look her up when I decide to expand my portfolio!,5.0
"Having seen that the line for the Wynn Buffet was at least a good hour and a half long, my friends and I headed a little further down the hall to the Terrace Pointe Cafe.  The wait was only about 15 minutes; we were seated, given menus, and waited about another 15 minutes for our waitress to come over.  

Once she did she was very pleasant, and got our orders in promptly.  I started with the tomato bisque, which was advertised as coming with a mini grilled cheese sandwich.  Maybe because I got the cup instead of the bowl, it didn't come with one.  The soup was WAY too sweet, but otherwise had good texture, and a nice background kick.  

My entree was sorely disappointing.  I got the carne asada, which was pieces of skirt steak wrapped in corn tortillas with chopped onions and cilantro.  It came with a tomato rice, a tortilla bowl filled with pinto beans and melted cheese, and a little side of salsa.  It was all just so...bla.  Nothing about it was bad; it just wasn't that good.  The tomato rice was probably the most flavorful thing on the plate.  The portion was also way too large.

My dessert was the best part of the meal.  I got the cheesecake sampler, which came with three mini cheescakes on a plate- one plain with 2 fresh blackberries on top, one mango with fresh mango chunks on top, and the other chocolate with a truffle.  The mango was the best out of the three, although the plain was a close second, with a true New York cheesecake flavor and nice graham cracker crust.  My cafe latte was  large and very hot, which is nice since they can often be lukewarm.

The service from start to finish was super sloooow.  It took us TWO HOURS to eat lunch, and we are not slow eaters.  And considering that the delicious Wynn buffet was only $30 for the champagne brunch that day, the $45 + tip that I paid for this mediocre meal was really painful.

The one high point of the experience was the decor and ambiance of the place.  Like the rest of the Wynn, it is fresh, bright, and quirky.  I loved the white plates with sunny yellow borders, the oversized yellow coffee cups, the denim-looking napkins, and the lime green couch with navy border at the entrance.  The lower part of the seating area overlooks the beautiful pool.

Overall, quite disappointing, especially for the price.",2.0
"Very nice place with great service. Hostess sat us right away. The waiter came over right away for drink orders and got the drinks out to us within 5 minutes. It was happy hour and very busy in the bar area. We sat in the restaurant and weren't allowed to order off the happy hour menu. We had a child with us so I guess that means you can't participate with the special menu in the bar. Kind of annoying. But the waiter did give us happy hour drink prices at least. He was as accommodating as he could be. The fresh made chips and salsa were delicious. The spicy salsa wasn't as spicy as it was made out to be but it was very full of flavor. The waiter explained the menu items perfectly. The ceviche was pretty good. I prefer the shrimp cut up but it all tasted good. I had the enchiladas veracruze I think it was called. Chicken, spinach, queso fresco and a very spicy sauce. It was good but I will try something else next time. My friend had the crab enchiladas. It had a fancy name that I can't remember. It was amazing. The waiter said it was really good. A little more expensive than I would've liked but not outrageous prices considering the quality of food and fabulous service. Even when it got busy our waiter was still on top of everything. Overall it was a great restaurant.",4.0
"Awesome pancit & lumpia! I really liked the food it was very good. If your looking for yummy Filipino food, this is a great spot",5.0
Great massage place hidden in the same plaza upstairs next to Ichiza.  They offer foot massages and full body massages.  I came in to do a foot massage and my husband did the body massage.  The facilities are clean and quiet.  The massager was very professional; his phone went off during the session but he did not answer it.  Parking is a bit difficult in the plaza due to all the popular restaurants but you can always park next door.  Will be back!,5.0
"Love this place. Family owned, and they are always super nice. Delivery is always really fast. Prices are good. Quality of food is really good for the prices. We tried another place one time and regretted it. We always order from primavera now. Our favorite pizza around",5.0
"Why???!!! Why did you close??!!
This was my spot for tacos de tripa. I always recommended this restaurant. It was a  clean establishment that offered great food. And I show up and its gone! Just some ""closed"" signs posted on the glass windows. And now it is no more. So sad.",4.0
"It's airport food. I've come to not expect much when dining at McCarron. The typical experience held true. Not overly clean (pieces of dried food left on silverware in this case we well as silverware and napkins under our ""clean"" table) and no real sense that anyone cares that you are there. But I guess when you have a captive audience, why try?

The positives about this experience were the food - my Mediterranean-influenced grilled chicken salad was very tasty. The chicken was dry but flavorful, the kalamata olives were sliced very tiny, but plentiful and the dressing was light in texture. All over, a great value for the quality and location ($11). My husbands pepperoni pizza was also a nice surprise. The pepperoni had a bit of zing to it and the cheese and sauce seemed fresh in taste. We both had water and found it odd that both glasses came with zero ice. 

Our server was pleasant and while the service wasn't terrific, she sure was better than some service we've had in airports.

So, for the money and considering the location, I'd suggest trying it. They also advertise a dessert of tiny doughnuts with both chocolate and raspberry dipping sauces. That sounded delish, but we didn't partake.",2.0
Staff is awesome they have provided a wonderful experience for us. Great service. Sushi is spectacular and the beer is awesome.,5.0
"Is there such thing as zero stars here? Coz that's what I would've given this place.  THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED and I've been to more than 20 countries in my life, to include Afghanistan.  Really the worst.  The people who work here have the stankiest, crappiest attitudes towards people.  Very aggressive demeanor!  I just witnessed a guy kick out an old lady who was searching for transportation to attend a family funeral.  Since greyhound didn't had have the itinerary she needed, she sat there for a second to check her phone for possible other tickets.  He kicked her out ASAP.  The bus was an hour late departing.  Everyone who works here rolls their eyes if u somehow forget to take your ticket out of the envelope and will yell at you.  Employees here have some miserable lives that seem to manifest in their work ethics.  I thought these bad reviews were just people being cry sacks.  But I see now that this place does suck!!!",1.0
"In the past 6 years of owning our boat (95 four winns, OMC 5.0 efi), we've been through 3 boat shops and a mobile boat mechanic. Happy to say we finally found a boat repair/maintenance shop that I trust.

Service, communication, and turnaround time was the best I've experienced. Took a week total (during the offseason), to diagnose, get my confirmation on the costs, get the parts in, and get her back. Couldn't be happier.

Had another issue during the beginning of summer (a few weeks ago), shop parking lot was grand central station with boats, previous experiences at past shops I expected six weeks (drop it off and forget about it till they call). Total turn around plus a list of minor issues, and redoing the bunks, was just over two weeks. 

Again, communication was great, boat runs awesome, they pointed out a couple things that should be addressed, I concurred, easy peasy.

Worked with Brett for the majority of it. Found my boat shop!",5.0
Please hurry up and reopen!  I can't wait much longer!  King's Platter and Zarape are amazing.  This is one of my favourite places to go out for lunch or dinner.,5.0
"To be honest, I am no expert on Pho and would never have tried this place if my friend hadn't introduced it to me and ordered (thankfully) for me. It can be pretty confusing since you order by the number of the item on the menu and the specific size. I always get the number 1 Large and I have still not been able to finish it all even on days when I go there starving. The Pho is fresh, the meat is tender and seasoned well, the service is fast and it's budget friendly too. A Large Pho cost me $10 the last time I was there. 
The only thing I have to complain about is the size of the restaurant, it is as cramped as the TTC during rush hours. Sometimes you have to wait to get a seat but the service is so fast you never have to wait long. 
Not exactly the most elegant place if you're looking for a nice dinner venue but good for a quick, cheap, filling and tasty meal!",4.0
"Drive thru botched order by not including straws or dipping sauces. Does that warrant a one-star? I dunno, it's just stoopid.",1.0
"My Cleveland food truck saga continues! These guys were actually at Crocker park on Saturday. I don't know if Crocker Park has an agreement worked out with the food trucks or the food trucks know it is a great scene but they are there almost every Saturday morning. What could be better than some shopping with awesome food?

Anyway I was really excited to see these guys here as they have a slightly different menu than I'm used to from most food trucks. Tater tots anyone? Yes please. 

I believe I had some sort of pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing. One of the best pulled pork I have had in a long time. And that is sort of my favorite. 

The food came out promptly and they accepted my credit cards. What more could you ask for? 

Do yourself a favor and when you see this truck rolling around in the CLE make sure to stop by! You won't be disappointed.",5.0
"Love, Love, Love this place!
The whole family (from teenagers to grandparents) have been coming here
for years, and never have a less than excellent experience.
Really fair, good prices, wonderful service, great communication... AND they
have the sweetest, most lovable dog in the world available to love on!
What else can I say??",5.0
"I was mistaken when I even thought to give this place 2 stars. You can find decent equipment, a track, classes, etc at MANY other gyms. I def got ANOTHER call from personal training... seriously??? Not sure what education these guys have to be personal trainers, but they must not go over reading or understanding English. Not sure how many more ways I can say ""PLEASE don't call me. I'm NOT interested"".",1.0
The food was great and the service outstanding. The owner is hands on and takes tremendous pride in everything served. I would recommend and will be back for more.,5.0
First time here and I love it ! I will be back for sure. The food tastes great with the Asian/Latino blend.The staff is friendly and their area is very clean. This is located at the Desoto Central Market along with a number of other restaurants. I love the atmosphere of the Market. They have retained a lot of the looks and the features of the building which was built sometime in the 1930's! They have a parking lot on the south side of the building which is located at Central and Roosevelt in Phoenix. There is overflow parking lot at an adjacent church.,5.0
"I've travelled to about 40 countries, including Thailand many times.  AT BEST this was poor quality western Chinese food.  VERY disappointed if they claim this is Thai style.  So many other places for good Thai in Toronto. Way over priced for what you get.  

Save your money and disappointment and go elsewhere.  And they charge your tip on top of the tax too.  Terrible.


I had been here many times in the past, service atmosphere usually good, food was average.  

After many years absent, decided to bring guests and give it another try.  The front is renovated very modern, which I think ruins the old Thai dcor.  The service was good although we asked her to suggest a combo for 4 and the only idea was to double a combo for 2, hardly creative.",2.0
"Took me a while to find this place the other day but glad I did.  The big sign on the building was ""pineapple express"" which was funny.  Only gave three stars because the posted price on yelp and other sites for the manapua (which was very good, almost as good a Libby's in Kalihi).  Internet price is $2 but when you go here it's posted at $2.75--that's a .75 cent increase which is very high just for manapua.  Three guys running the place and they were very friendly and open to wala'au with the customers-good feeling.  Don't go by the yelp menu prices because they are so wrong.  I'll be back for the ono manapua sometime down the road but with the price it's a little to high for a constant buy.",3.0
"Love this place!  The space is serene and everyone is so inviting.  It also doesn't hurt that it is right down the street from my office (no excuses!).  No matter your level, you will be comfortable here.",5.0
"Okay, I'll admit it, I Really like this place.  Ordered two dozen bagels for Thanksgiving and everybody in our family was impressed.  But then I ventured to the most flavorful combination yet.  Jalapeo/cheddar bagel split and toasted with bacon/horseradish cream cheese.  I know what you're thinking, but don't judge till you chew.  The Jalapeo flavor is not in your face, but somehow a smooth deep background flavor in the bagel that is full of flavor with gentle warmth.  That same careful integration of flavor applies to the cream cheese, and together, amazing.  My family went GaGa over the veggie cream cheese on just about everything, and the young kids came to blows over the cinnamon raisin bagels.  Big mistake not to have a couple more of those.  Awesome job.  Genuine, real deal.",5.0
I normally would love to give this place a 4/5 stars but they've finally disappointed me with the lack of amenities for brining a baby/young infant. Bathroom does not have a changing table and they don't have car seat caddies if you bring your baby in a car seat. Service is always friendly and food is always great. Would still come here because their salad dressing is so good! Everything on the menu is great can't go wrong. :),3.0
"This really has to be the worst KFC. Very slow, orders almost always wrong. Just now we sat at at the window for 10 mins (another 8 minutes in line after ordering, 2 cars ahead) before they bothered to come tell us they have no chicken ready and it would be an additional 10 mins.",1.0
This place is awesome they have TVs everywhere great staff the bartender is awesome he helped us with the menu as this was our first time here he made sure we were taken care of he was on top of things and he made some great reccommendations they have ice cold beer on tap great service and there wings are amazing with so many different flavors to choose from. I can't wait to try there burgers. We will be back.,5.0
"AWFUL, AWFUL customer service! Ordered flowers online for Mothers Day. Received a confirmation number, yet order was never processed and delivered. Imagine my surprise when I asked my mother if she liked the flowers. I spoke to the owner the following day and he grudgingly  agreed to send an arrangement at no charge. Never happened. DO NOT USE",1.0
"Beautiful dresses at beautiful prices. The staff have a good eye for fashion and know what they're doing. I've bought multiple formal gowns here (including my wedding gown) and haven't been disappointed yet. They also carry tiaras, veils, and jewelry.",5.0
"We went here because we had a gift card.  The food was very good, actually  better than we expected.  The hostess seemed slightly stressed out, but there were people everywhere, so I'm not sure how you couldn't be.   It was very crowded and there were servers actually waiting in line to ring in orders, but our waitress Jennifer was great! She was very efficient and very nice.  The menu seems way to big, I'm not sure how they pull it off but we would definitely go back.   
Sadly, most people on yelp are so happy to complain,  I'm happy to share a very good experience.",5.0
"Karen, the manager of the florist department, was so helpful and efficient this morning! I was in a rush and she helped me get a dozen balloons and was very kind in the process.  Thank you!",5.0
"We were there yesterday. The food was less than average, the price, very cheap, but it was dirty. The restrooms were very dirty. They really don't care. I will not come back.",2.0
"My wife and I went to the shop and they where very pleasant even explaining that it would be $49.99 to diagnose. Then my wife went back and it's true it's $49.99 to diagnose and then free if you get it fixed there but the part they don't tell you is that they will over charge you for getting it fixed there.

They wanted  $310.00 to fix the EGR valve (cost for part $68.99) and my son in law put it in in 10 minutes. Next was $180.00 for spark plugs ($15 for the part) one hour to be replaced. Finally $269.95 for the O2 sensor (part is $17.99) and that was put in at the same time as the spark plugs. There was no cost break down, for example labor time and or the parts. My wife paid the $49.99 and said goodbye. 

Now I understand making a profit but it seems to me they where trying to make a a killing on us when even at $95.00 an hour for labor (times 2 hours) the most we would've paid would be $292.00 and not a whopping $760.00.

Before you go there shop around first.",2.0
Matt P provider excellent customer service. I was involved in an auto accident on a lease and thought it would be difficult process but it wasn't!! He got me exactly what I wanted at the price I wanted. Everyone over there is Amazing! My 4th Lexus & would not go elsewhere !!!,5.0
"I currently live here with my bf and our friend. The place is just okay. We live in the yellow building which I think is the best location in the complex. When we did move in we did find a bunch of dead sewer roaches, I get it I live in tempe it's full of roaches. I've seen a couple of roaches in our apartment but the managment do spray every friday plus our apartment is clean most of the time so I'm pretty sure the roaches are coming from my neighbors and when a monsoon hits. Something that annoys me though are the girls that work in the office. I feel like they dont know what they are doing! They are so unorgainzed and pretty much brain dead when it comes to asking questions or turning in forms. Before we moved here one of the girls lost our application and we had to fill out another one. Also getting thing fixed takes forever! My garbage disposal is still broken and it's been two weeks since I called the office to get it fixed. The complex at the moment is getting gates which is great because less creepers will be hanging around here, but the complex is charging us 50.00 each of us to get the clicker that opens the gate. Yeah we get it back when we move out but we moved here before the complex installed the gates! Over all we will see how we like it here, we are tired of moving around tempe. 
 Pros:
Nice layout
gym 
pools
wood floors
and no bed bugs in my apartment
Cons:
roaches
shitty staff",3.0
"This place is great! Andrea is an amazing waitress. Very friendly, upbeat, and suggested the Chile Verde tacos. Surely didn't disappooint. If you try anything here try the tacos and fries. When the owner first took over I was disappointed with the new change but he sure did bring back great food. Highly recommended.",5.0
"This has been one of the better restaurants in Medina County for years.  Great ambiance, especially around the holidays, where it sits on one of the prettiest town squares in the country.  Particularly good for dinners with your sig other.",4.0
"I've been looking for a good pho joint and I daresay I've found it. Cute and quaint, nestled in the south west corner of Leslie and 16th Ave, Nam's is a big treat in a small plaza. I tried their fresh pork shrimp rolls, the added cucumber gave it a fresh zing. Next, I tried a Viet staple: the rare beef pho. I was pleasantly surprised to see real rare beef! Noodle texture was good and firm, broth was a bit underwhelming on the fragrant side, but still acceptable. Their staples are good, their selection is large and expanding, and the service was exceptional.  I had only come in once before to get a Viet iced coffee and the hostess remembered me a month later. All in all, the food is above average, and I can see a lot of potential. I definitely look forward to coming back here!",4.0
"Here I am in line, been standing here for 10 minutes already and I still haven't reached their maze of ropes. I don't bank here, fortunately, but am forced in once a month as my landlord has his account here. This branch is the closest to my home, so it's my usual option unless I want to drive out of my way, but maybe I should. Regardless of the time or day of the week, they keep a max of two tellers helping customers (regardless how far out the door the line goes). I can't help but wonder if they care about it at all, I've watched many other people complain to the manager but none of the other 6 employees in this branch  are capable of helping you make a deposit I guess. At this rate, February's rent will be due by the time I get to the teller.",1.0
Tried this after Taco Maco fell down and let us sit on the patio for 10+ minutes without waiting on us.   The margaritas were amazing and food was equally good.  The table side guacamole was awesome!!!  Ask for Shauna!!!,4.0
"my wife loved the flowers, but the fact that she mentioned that it seemed like they did it in a hurry made me write this review, the flowers were not spread out and had bunched up clusters. i spent over $100 and that will probably be my last time there, she wasnt completely satified to me if she mentioned that.",1.0
"Overall, I enjoyed my first visit to The Living Room with my sisters-in-law. 

Atmosphere: 4 Stars. 
I really liked this place. The place is very neat... garage doors that let the cool night air in and the little details of the place are cool. 
The only thing that would have made it better is if they had some soft lighting after dark. It was so dark inside around 8pm that I couldn't read the drink menu. 

Service: 1 Star. 
I think this place might hire people more for their looks than their actual skills at service. Our waitress was scarce until it came time to pay the bill. 

Drinks: 4 Stars. Pricey, but very good. I had the Red Sangria (blah! nothing special) and a peach martini. The martini was delicious and very strong which is a good thing when I'm paying $8 for it. I think next time I'll probably only have drinks here at Happy Hour. $8 for a small Sangria is a bit expensive for me. 

Food: 4 Stars. 
We started with two Bruschetta (steak and Gorgonzola; apple and fig). Very delicious! Next time, I'll probably stick to Bruschetta because they were so good. For dinner, I got 1/2 of a Prosciutto and Brie sandwich and a cup of Butternut Squash soup. The sandwich had one slice of fatty Prosciutto and a thin layer of Brie. Disappointing. The soup was EXCELLENT! If you like Butternut Squash soup, I'd recommend trying it here. 

I'll be going back again... probably during Happy Hour next time!",4.0
"Great place for you sushi fix! The food was great service was good and the atmosphere was Kool with the hibachi Chefs cooking and having a great time showing off.

Great for Families.",4.0
It's not the one on friendship but it's just as good. Great for happy hour. Problem is you might get too drunk too fast!! Great service and the food is fattening and yummy!!!,5.0
I use to dine at Diana's for years but the food is horrible. Low grade to say the least. Ordered the chicken Alfredo and it was like rubber and the sauce was weak. Went again for breakfast about a week later. Eggs were greasy and sausage taste like cardboard. Restaurant was dirty but our waitress was very professional. She was the only good thing in the whole place. Will never eat there again.,1.0
"Been on the search for an industrial goth club for awhile. Unfortunately, all of the locals I talk to say that doesn't exist in Vegas so we're left with Scarlet Nights...In other words ""Goth Night"". They do not play industrial from the few times I've attended but nevertheless I always have a great time when I go.",4.0
Food was awesome will come back again husband had chicken wings also good. Very nice waitress,5.0
This place offers a huge selection of tea! They have places to sit so you can enjoy your tea with friends. The service was amazing and genuinely nice. Will definitely come back again!,5.0
"The food here is fantastic. Our services was not good at all. Had I not been there on business I would have asked for a complete comped meal or definite discount. I mentioned it to Bob(Bald guy) the manager after dinner as I didn't want anything to happen to my food. He was apologetic and wanted to do something for me and I declined. Just be careful of your server. Again, the food was AWESOME!",2.0
"Under whelming, really nothing to do here. The main attraction was a rock climbing wall and a donkey ride that went about 100 feet total. I would skip this and spend my money in the Casino. We took our seven year old and she was ready to leave after twenty minutes. Forgot they have a mechanical bull",1.0
"you won't find a book you are looking for but you will walk out with a book you'll like.

check out their architecture or photography sections. you can get travel books for cheap too!",4.0
There was a great selection of bikinis and cover ups. I got an awesome cover up for $30. The owner was also very nice and helpful. I will definitely come back here for all my swimwear needs!,5.0
"I love all places named Honey Pig.  Great selection of food. Love their combo meals.  Love the meal where you take the rice at the end and put it on top of the grill mixed with the bean sprouts....  So delicious!  

If there's every a Honey Pig nearby, I'd get going and be on your way!  So good.  Wish we had one in Seattle.",4.0
I really love this place. It is priced well and for a lunch special you get a choice or rice and soup and then the entree. Which is good because you can have leftovers. It is also really tasty and delicious. It also has a Szechuan menu as well which is more authentic than american chinese. I have only tried the dan dan noodles from there but it is really good and yummy. I also love the atmosphere there. The food comes out fast and the servers let you be to talk and relax.,5.0
"We have been eating at this Grimaldi's location for over a decade because we really like the pizza, which we get twice a month but today's experience justifies this one star review because we were astounded and infuriated. I ordered pizzas by phoning in. My husband went in to pick them up and witnessed the server cut our pizza and remove a slice before handing us the box. We ordered three pizzas so when she handed over the pizzas she only showed the top two. At first they denied doing it, and then offered to make another pizza because clearly there was a missing slice... easy math when the original shape is a circle and a wedge is visible in the box. With 4 hungry kids at home my husband did not want to wait half an hour for a replacement pizza. The manager refunded him for the error, without really admitting to the incident. I come from years of working in restaurants and I would have fired anyone who I caught stealing from the business, and stealing from a paying customer. Grimaldi's please address this issue. How many of your to-go customers have been cheated from their full order in this fashion? My husband has a photo of the pizza and a photo of the manager and offending server if you plan to see this through.",1.0
"Love the style of clothing here.  Whimsical, each girl can create her own style, whether it's classic or boho or however she wants to outbid together. Clothes are not cheap but if your good at going through the sale rack & wait for the additional percent off offers, you can totally afford it!  Sign up for their Anthro program. Makes return or exchanges easy...",5.0
"I love this spot. Good drinks decent food although I don't care for the rice at all. All the servers are prompt and friendly, I come here often",5.0
"The store manager Miriam can barely speak or understand English which is probably the reason my refund isn't on my debit card (5 days later)The assistant manager is rude, she just works the register and is miserable taking food orders. I told the assistant manager I wanted a refund and she's like ""there's no refunds! Why you want refund? Take too long?"" Had to literally yell at her just so the even worse manager would come refund my money. Wanted a refund after they gave me a pre made milkshake that was separated (must have been 2 days old) and looked like vomit! Also watched both managers throw onion rings and fries in the same basket and same oil and fry everything together. That's just gross. I don't want my fries tasting like onion because you're lazy. Even at mc Donald's they use separate oil for fries, chicken, fish , etc. I don't mind waiting long for something that's actually good. It's Arby's, shouldn't have to wait 20 min for sliced beef on bread and deal with every employees crappy attitude because they chose the wrong career path.",1.0
Great traditional breakfast diner. Excellent food and fantastic value. Service is awesome too!,5.0
"This little breakfast spot is one of our faves in the Junction.  Their daily specials are very tasty and their menu has some great spins on yummy breakfast fare.

The service can be somewhat slow during its busy hours, but the atmosphere is cozy, so it's a joy to just sip on a java, chat and wait for the food to come. 

Best to go as a couple, as there is little seating for larger groups.",4.0
That place is a over priced flat house that needs to be shut down in between the shooting the first night in the surrounding area cockroaches running around The pool hasn't been cleaned in months getting like someone there to clean and bring you towels is impossible there's no one there staffing the place in the middle of the night and if someone is an in need of help it's best to call 911 and people who look homeless living there full-time I was so glad to be out of that Crabshack and I will never go back there ever again!,1.0
Love this salon!! They were open on New Year's Day so it was very convenient to be able to get pampered on my day off. The nail techs were very friendly and did an excellent job! The prices are very reasonable - I spent $35 for my gel polish change & mother-in-law's manicure! I'll definitely be back!,5.0
"I was extremely disappointed with my 12 dollar lunch. The zucchini was so greasy, and soggy. The Wings I ordered half and half and the BBQ tasted like they put BBQ sauce over the mild sauce. The Wings were about as cold as the dipping sauce and soggy as well... I am not a complainer, but this was not 12 dollars well spent.",2.0
"I've been using Safelite for a while now.  The one near my office closed, so I had to drive to this one.  All I needed was to have the rear view mirror reattached.  The entire assembly came off.  I expected to have to pay, but it's a free service!  They just made sure everything was clean, applied the adhesive, and the mirror is back up!  No charge!

Past services have included chip repair and window replacement, and it's always been zero hassle with insurance.  They handle everything.  (We do have full-glass coverage.)

So I'm going to keep coming back when I have an auto glass problem!",5.0
I'd like to think of myself as a doughnut connoisseur. Doughnuts are my guilty pleasure. These doughnuts are some of the best I've had. Good size. Good amount of frosting/icing. Friendly service. Doughnuts were fresh. I would say this is in my Top 2 of my favorite doughnuts shops. Will definitely be coming back here!,5.0
"Ah yes, Presse Internationale, right next to the Second Cup on the south side of Bloor.

LOVE THIS PLACE. It's like a bookstore, but it has magazines. Lots and lots of magazines. 

They have the usual crap you can pick up at any convenience store (porn, fashion), but they also have all the specialty monthly publications (cars, sports, international/foreign, photography, psychology, music, travel, food, etc). 

You name the topic, they have a magazine for it, bitches! I'm serious. You can get a copy of Midget Monthly here!

My favourite thing about this shop is that you can hang out and READ everything without buying! Just like in Chapters/Indigo. No asshole clerk breathing down your neck telling you ""this aint no library, you buy!"". Nope, just a friendly Asian man who lets me read entire magazines and then leave. Sometimes I buy a pack of gum just to humour him.

PS - This review (my 250th!!!) is dedicated to my beautiful new Yelp Elite 2011 badge.",4.0
"Been coming here for a year now, and they nail it every time! From the bottle of water you receive when you sit down to the final product. The longest leg massage I have ever had, and they are extremely sanitary. They use a plastic border, which is disposable, for every basin. They change it after every client. I always leave feeling great!",5.0
"I had a great time at this place and I enjoyed my room. It was super clean and they worked with me at the front desk. I appreciated the housekeeping staff that came and helped me through my multiple night stay and I would love to stay here again, no doubt I would. I love the area it was set in and away from the Strip for more a family feel. I loved the complimentary crib they offered and next time I just wish I could face inwards to enjoy the view if the hotel can work that out for me next time that would be amazing!",4.0
What can I say? That's some good pizza. Definately a must if you're in the Seventh Street Public Market area. I am a huge fan of the Margarita Pizza.,5.0
"My boyfriend and I have gone to the Village Tavern several times because of its convenient location, good food, and the fact that there's usually not much of a wait time to be seated (it's a large space). 

The salads are good, but the mac & cheese side dish is PHENOMENAL. Ask your server to substitute it for fries if you choose to get a burger or a sandwich. Our server recommended it the first time we went and it is addictive!",4.0
Fresh salsa and chips to start. Nice margarita. Extensive menu. Good authentic Mexican. Fast service and fun atmosphere. Great Cinco de Mayo festivities!,4.0
"Amanda is a competent, compassionate and creative contact person for this business. I have been so blessed for her partnership in a work assignment that needed the understanding of family and the expertise of professionals. The availability for scheduling is amazing. The quality of work is exceptional. I am so grateful for this service which combines competence and kindness.",5.0
"Just ordered a Maki Tray from here and was the highlight of my party! Everyone loved it! The rolls here are by far the best with very little rice, not like other AYCE restaurants. This restaurant is definitely worth trying! Eat-in may take longer than others but you just need to remember this is not a fast food restaurant! Must try if you're in the neighbourhood! 

Just came back here again for take out of a platter and it was the hit for the party! Called in and told them I'd pick it up at 5:30 and by 5:40 I got a call asking where I was as the platter was ready! Great food and fast service! Will definitely order a platter for all my parties!",5.0
"Church Brew Works provides a traditional beer hall atmosphere in a transformed church.  For a local craft brewery, Church Brew Works does offer some very tasty options on draft and what I would consider to be the best beer flight in Pittsburgh - in terms of tasting experience.  From a brewery standpoint, Church Brew Works certainly does not disappoint. 

From a food perspective, the brewery provides the standard pub options that would be expected.  There aren't many stand out options on the menu, but it is certainly not difficult to find something to hold over ones appetite between pints of the enjoyable craft beer.  The food selection leaves more to be desired, however, the food taste pairs nicely with the beers on tap. This is certainly a location where the drink rules supreme and the food merely follows.  A great location for an evening out with friends or for private events.",4.0
"Delivery driver barely spoke to me, have off bad vibes.  Pizza was cold. Will never ever order another pizza from this location again.",1.0
I made a huge mistake by a car from this dealership. The salesman or pushy and will lie about anything to get you to buy a car don't leave this dealership without getting everything that is promised to you. And don't forget that they put your loan through capital one auto finance it is an online only loan distributor. And if you want to sell your car later on down the road it to pay it off over the Internet and it takes 10 to 15 days toto get your title back. Making it almost impossible to sell your car to a private buyer without paying it off in full first. Pick any other Chevy dealer in town before you pick this one.,1.0
"Did take-out. Ordered shrimp fried rice. Reasonable portion for the price. Tasted ok. Nothing stellar, but not bad. Similar in taste to the frozen product sold at the nearby Von's. The service staff was polite and efficient.",3.0
"You come here for the first time, you may think you're walking into some mystery basement.  You come here with a friend who's also never been here, they may think you're taking them somewhere scary.  Thankfully, neither of those are true!  

As soon you walk in the door, you're comforted by the fact that it's just a cozy little basement restaurant!  Coming here at 2pm on a weekday, you'll also be joining the ladies who lunch, just fyi, this is Shadyside after all!  I actually got the idea to come later (after the lunch rush) because of the Yelp reviews.  Good thing I did because the ladies who lunch had taken every table except for one!

Looking at the menu, the first thing that struck me was that this wasn't a lunch place!  Most of the crepes are of the sweeter persuasion.  Which is usually a-okay with me, but I was starving for some sustenance, so I needed to go with the savory.  I choose the veggie crepe, with mushrooms, spinach and tomatoes.  The crepe itself was nice and fluffy, with a good amount of veggies in the middle.  I thought it was the perfect amount and even came with a nice side salad, which included mandarin oranges.  

Now I know a lot of you will say, why not just go for the sweet then, but I've gotta have my savory before I have my sweet.  I know, I'm a weirdo!  But, I had a little bit of my friends dark chocolate and banana crepe and it was just a delicious teaser to what will most certainly be my future dessert here!  

Hot Tip:  Cash only!  Come on off peak times because it's tiny and you'll be hard pressed to find a seat during lunch hours or Saturday/Sunday brunch.",4.0
"Easy to get too off of the main South Las Vegas BLVD. Prompt service and excellent food choices. Ordered breakfast, chillaqilles, chicken kale breakfast and a hearty breakfast burrito. Resounding thumbs up - and yes they have take out",5.0
"I love this place. The price is very reasonable, 5 dollars for most appertuzers. The food quality is good. I would recommend pad Thai, grilled meat ball, sticky rice. You may entertain curry rice as well. I definitely will come back.",4.0
"Ming was great. Called him at 8:00 am and woke him up. He was very pleasant, and told me he would be at my home with in an hour and a half. He was on time if not early, and saved me a big chunk  of cash. Very professional, and would tell other to use him. What a great guy, and competitive prices. Give him a shot, and support an local businessman.",5.0
"This was my first time in an ABC store. I'm still getting used to the liquor laws in NC. 

For instance, I'm on a mojito kick and needed rum and club soda. Thinking I could get most of the ingredients at the ABC store, I was wrong; they can only sell items with alcohol in it. Thankfully Harris Teeter was next door to complete my mojito making trip.

The cashier was really friendly. Clean and organized store. I truly appreciated the large signs on the walls directing me straight to what I needed.

I was in and out within minutes...just how it should be.",4.0
"We came here after deciding not to wait for Mon Ami Gabi. We decided to sit in the bar and immediately we're served by a nice young man named Andrew. He went through his favourite items on the menu and recommended the pancakes and eggs Benedict. Both were great. The eggs Benedict is served on a bed of scalloped potatoes. 

We opted for the $23 unlimited mimosas and had a blast. The restaurant is clean and has a great vibe. After breakfast we sampled a variety of chocolate and then pick up a few bars to go. 

Great alternative to waiting next store with friendly staff and excellent food.",5.0
"Saw this on television, 50% off, all entrees. Got the 8PC with 2 sides. Got coleslaw and rice & gravy. Yum, yum, yum...the breaking a little too spicy for the roommate, but got the hot sauce and I'm in chicken heaven. Will have to go back for fish, shrimp & gumbo. Wish they had greens, but the Mac & cheese and corn nuggets will do also.",4.0
Went here 2 times and had excellent service in picking out boxes and reasonable shipping options. Both employees i dealt with were hospitable and friendly.,5.0
"I stopped in for a nice treat and found Gelato 64 to be very pleasant! I hadn't tried the fruit gelato but went straight for the chocolate and peanut butters. The young lady, Megan, behind the counter was extremely helpful and friendly, and the atmosphere was warm and welcoming. I'll definitely be back!",4.0
"Haven't been here in years and stopped in for a quick bite and a cold beer on this hot sweltering day.
I choose the curry creamed mussels and my husband chose the fish tacos. Although both were in the starter section of the menu both portions were more than ample as a main for lunch.
The curry cream sauce was deliciously flavourful with the right amount of spices and shredded pepper and carrot. Served with three slices of a toasted baguette to sop up the yummy sauce it was the perfect size.
The hubby LOVED the fish tacos, grilled cat fish with a nice dry rub; 3 tacos in soft tortillas with lettuce, black beans, corn, jalapeo peppers and a cream mayo sauce. I had a taste and they were superb. Think I'll order them for myself next time!
The draft beer was cold and the service was friendly, we'll be back soon!",4.0
"Wow. Period. Can't begin to put into words my first massage with Pure Knead done in the comfort of my own home.  Such professionalism in all aspects down to the products used.  Beyond all things, the genuine compassion for healing allowed for my total trust and letting go.  Wow is all I can say.  THANK YOU!",5.0
"Ok...I have not used many dry cleaners in my lifetime, being more of a ""t-shirt and jeans"" kind of girl, but on occassion, I need to get SOMETHING dry cleaned, whether its a skirt, my fella's hat, or a suit jacket that we had borrowed from a friend.

My first experience with these guys was about a year ago.  My fella had dropped his hat off to be dry cleaned, and asked me to pick it up after work.  He told me that when he had dropped it off, that they promised they would be open til 6:30.

I pulled up at 6:15, opened the door, and walked in. 
Rather than being greeted, I hear ""WE'RE CLOSED!!""

Oh no you did NOT just yell at me.  

""Really?  Your door is unlocked, and I need to pick something up, and was promised that you'd be open til 6:30.""

They got the hat, but did so with a very pissed off look and attitude.  

Fast forward to 3 days ago.  My fella had borrowed a suit jacket for a movie scene he did some extra work in, and we wanted to dry clean it before returning it.  

So, I drop it off on my way to work, noting the signage on the windows that say ""Same Day Service!""

I asked the girl when it would be ready for pickup.  

""Oh...tomorrow.""

...ok...but your window says same day.
Its fine, really, not a huge deal, since we didn't need the jacket same day...but if you're going to advertise same day, you should make sure that it really is.

Yesterday morning, I went back in to see if it was ready.
Nope.  It hadn't been touched yet.  

Ok again...not a HUGE deal.  I ask how late are you open, and the guy says ""At least...8."" 

Do you not know your own hours?  At least 8.  That's a new one.  

So when I got off work yesterday, I stopped by, at about 6:20.  The girl took my ticket, and asked, with tremendous attitude ""When did you drop this off.""  

...""Yesterday morning. And I was told THIS morning that it would be ready tonight.""

So she looks, and she finds it.
$4.50.  Not bad.  I hand her a $10 bill. 

Her: *sigh* ""Do you have 50 cents?""

Me...""no, sorry."" Thinking to myself ""If I had, I'd have given it to you...""

She sulks around the corner to find my change and begrudgingly hands me the $5.50.  

And then, HOW DARE I ask for a receipt.  
""Its on the item.""

Ok fine lady, I didn't know!  
And next time, don't laugh at your customer for asking.

If they were not near my house and very inexpensive, I'd never use this company again.  There is never an excuse for rude service.  Ever.  

I'll be looking for a new dry cleaning place, but would return here if I ABSOLUTELY had to.  They do a good job on the clothes, and are inexpensive, but service sucks.",2.0
"I received the most amazing body treatment from AURORA! She is friendly, knowledgeable, and absolutely incredible!! She spends time with you and explains everything to where you can understand! I highly recommend her for massage, body treatments, and facials!! She is the absolute best! Thank you to Aurora for making me feel amazing!! Everyone call and book with her!! You won't regret it!!",5.0
This is a very reasonably priced family business with good orignal Mexican food. Good value for the price. Highly recommended it.,4.0
"My husband and I get massages quite frequently and have been getting them for years. He likes the really deep tissue massages (the kind that hurts-due to back problems) and I like the more swedish type kneading massages and it's hard to find places that are able to give us both what we want (we've tried everywhere from massage schools to day spas to fancy/luxury spas) but we both agree that this place gave us both one of THEE BEST massages we ever had. We went while on vacay after our drive in from Cali and we totally wished we could bring our girls back home to Hawaii with us. I believe their names were ROSIE and ASHLEY but not too sure. 

While in Vegas, if you like massages, you MUST TRY this place. Service was AMAZING and the ambiance was cool too. Not your typical spa ambiance, I mean it was still relaxing but there was a rock n roll vibe going on. I don't know if that makes sense but I guess you have to see it for yourself to understand. 

BEST MASSAGES EVER...DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE. PRICES ARE VERY REASONABLE TOO CONSIDERING IT'S LAS VEGAS! A+ IN MY BOOK! :)",5.0
Amazing selection of wine and great atmosphere! Also a great date night for wine tasting,5.0
"So I have had the worst couple of days. A friend and I were at Rehab pool at the Hard Rock Hotel when my whole bag was stolen. Inside my bag was my debit card, cell phone, drivers license, clothes, and worst of all, my car keys. Luckily for me I had an extra key at home which my dad brought me. This key however was only a valet key, meaning it did not open anything but the door. I had an extra cell phone and ID in my trunk, with no way to open it. My door had recently been taken apart due to fixing my car window so the only way into my trunk was with my key fob which I didn't have. We got David's phone number from a friend and we called him right away. He was absolutely incredible. He made multiple calls all while helping other people in the same situation. He had called back multiple times to update us on what he's found out. He went above and beyond to help us to unlock my trunk. Although there was no way to use the key, he informed us of the internal wires in the door that should help pop the trunk. He called to ask if it worked, he called and kept us updated, he was so helpful and informative and most definitely made my day a lot better. I want to say thank you immensely to David White at MX Locksmith for turning my day around and helping me through a tough situation. 100% recommend this company and will continue calling him with any further car key problems I have!",5.0
"We had part of our windows replaced a couple years ago and today they are installing windows in the rest of our house. Love the new windows but I really want to praise the installers. These guys are professional, polite and courteous not just to me the home owner but to each other. I would recommend Window World to anyone who needs their services.",5.0
"Food is pretty good, atmosphere good for large groups.  Service is abysmal at best. our most recent experience with a small group was so inadequate that we won't go back with a small group.",3.0
"Great service! 
If you are a fan of VERY low-key Mexican food, this should hit the spot. Greasy spoon Mexican restaurant at the intersection of South Blvd and Tyvola Rd, it is a bit difficult to get in and out of the parking lot. I have never been there when it is crowded for lunch. I can usually get in, eat and pay within 20 minutes. Seriously, they are that fast, which is good if you are on a time crunch. 
I've tried mostly vegetarian dishes and they are all tasty and just what you want from a small Mexican lunch place. Cheesy, no skimping on the beans and fresh cut avocado for a very small charge by request.",4.0
Been twice for lunch and dinner.  Chicken tikki marsala made to your liking (mild to spicy).  Lunchtime buffet was really good.  Only thing I suggest is they have sweet tea on hand (this is the South) - had to wait and tea was warm.  Need ice in tea and water.,5.0
"I've passed this store many times but decided to take a look inside today. Staff is very friendly and will tell you more about the store. They were doing a fundraiser for Red Cross and if you donated (literally pocket change), you could receive 20% for items 10 days or older and more for items 30 days and older. The dates are located on the tag so you also know how long an item has been in the store. Items include handmade jewelry and ""gently used"" clothing items including shoes, purses and belts. I was happy to see such an array of sizes, including plus sizes. The store itself isn't huge but they do have it laid out well. I noticed a lot of the clothes came from Banana Republic so mostly name brand here. I did end up buying a cream colored shawl for $14. As a tip, some of the clothes did have signs of significant wear and small holes so look over clothes really carefully.

I liked this store mostly for the customer service and staff- they are really helpful and great! I would come back to check out what else has come in but I personally didn't find much my first visit to try on or even buy. May be a hit or miss type of place.",4.0
"As far as Chinese places in this area , I think this is one of the best. Their food is less greasy than wang and king and they are very fast and affordable . Had way better Chinese food in Florida and the UK to be honest but for around here this place can't be beat...   (:",4.0
"SERVICE SUCKS !
I was there to buy a take-out lunch today before the rush hour.  After I paid for the purchase, I took a seat next to the cashier and waited for 5 minutes.  Then a waitress came by and said to me: ""You have to wait outside (i.e. outside the restaurant in the hall) for your take-out.  If you sit here, people walking by our restaurant may think it is full and would not come in.""  I looked around and there were at least 3 empty tables and no waiting customers.  I told her if there are customers waiting for the seats, I'd gladly wait outside.  So I stay put.  Moments later, a Caucasian customer walked in.  She seated him next to me and said: ""There is customer now.  You have to wait outside.""   WTF!  I then told her I am also a customer too.  If I have to wait outside, then they can change my take-out order to dine in instead.  I told the gentleman sitting next to me about what's happening and asked if he mind I stay seated for another 5 minutes. He had no objection at all.  Then I told the waitress I already asked their customer and he doesn't mind me sitting with him.  At the end , they gave me my lunch and I left.  At the time of leaving, there were empty tables and no line up still.
DON'T THEY UNDERSTAND HOW IMPORTANT CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THESE DAYS?  Customers don't just buy your goods, they also buy goods along with service.  
@X%^*!",1.0
"Kiddo had a homework assignment and needed to get some colored pens and printer paper.  Of course, he didn't tell us about it until the last minute....so, we had to scramble to find stuff.  Luckily, this store is nearby.

We found everything we needed and were in/out within a few minutes.

Return Factor - 75%",3.0
"I booked an appointment with Yakira for a Brazilian, arm pits, eyebrows, and lower arms and it was truly a great experience. I was scared to death because I wasn't sure of my pain tolerance and I'm a little conservative, but she made me feel very comfortable and explained everything thoroughly. I am going back in 4 weeks to see her for another Brazilian because I loved the results!! Ask for her, you won't regret it!",5.0
"this place is a gem for vegetarians :) good tasting food, reasonably priced, big portions! the staff was very friendly. we had the wonton, spicy beef pho, the fish, and the rice in lotus leaf. all A+! it's kind of in a food court looking area, so not the fanciest and dont expect it to be that clean or the tables to be bus well.",4.0
"After visiting The container Store for a longer span of time than we thought we would, it was high time for dinner.  Eyeballing the several offerings of Town Square, we came across this California Pizza Kitchen.  There was a wait everywhere on this Friday night, but here it didn't appear to be intolerable.  So, we put in our name and waited to be called.  After about 20 minutes the lights on our pager finally glowed red and danced about.  Now hungrier than ever, we prepared to settle in our comfortable booth and enjoy a multi-course dinner at a relaxed pace.  We were not ready to rumble, but to EAT!

So, I began with Minced Chicken Lettuce Wraps, while Diane looked forward to an opening side of Traditional Crispy Mac 'N' Cheese.  The Lettuce Wraps were excellent, featuring fine chicken, tiny curved water chestnuts, jalapeno circles, very fresh and crisp lettuce leaves, and a nice soy-based spicy dipping sauce.  I did find though that the Cherry Limeade I also ordered was too strong for my taste.

The Mac 'N' Cheese had an excellent crisp crust, and was firm on the inside--not mushy.  The whole dish was quite yummy.

Unfortunately our Garlic Cream Fettuccine entrees then arrived right on top of our starters.  I sent mine back, but Diane accepted hers, which contained sauteed chicken and shrimp.  When my entree arrived again at a more suitable time, it was just like Diane's, except mine was further enhanced by sauteed mushrooms.  The sauteing was first-rate, the fettuccine was al dente, and just enough Garlic-Parmesan Cream Sauce clung to the pasta to make this a truly delectable dish.  The portions were large, with an ample amount of chicken breast chunks and medium- to large-sized shrimps.  We both enjoyed our hot entrees immensely.

But how is a fine dinner truly complete without a sumptuous dessert?  So, I finished with a towering slice of 6-layer Lemon Cake with Lemon Custard Filling, while Diane dug into a large slice of 5-layer Red Velvet Cake.  My high-caloric sweet treat was brushed with Limoncello, candied lemon zest, and Mascarpone Frosting, and was very lemony and delicious.  Diane's was topped by a creamy and very tasty Cream Cheese Frosting.  We were both in dessert nirvana.

One other service delay must be mentioned.  Diane seemed to wait forever for a Hot Chocolate.  We were ultimately told by both our server and the manager that the bartender on duty makes all Hot Chocolate drinks, and got behind making that and other ordered drinks.  Finally, the manager hustled over to our table with the Hot Chocolate way late, but did take it off the bill.  And then Diane found it to be too thin.

Even though our dining experience was marred by two service errors, the food was so delicious that we just brushed these minor inconveniences aside, and this outing still rated an overall 4-1/2 stars!",4.0
"First off, this place doesn't even deserve 1 star. Worst service I've ever had.

It was my friends birthday, and his girlfriend planned everything. There was 14 of us, and she made reservations. Everyone was so upset over the awful service and food, I felt bad. It wasn't her fault it was so horrible. Most people at the table complained. I didn't want to add to that and make her feel worse, so I promised I would write about it on Yelp.

The waiters were awful. Horrible attitude, didn't refill drinks, pretty much demanded we hand them things instead of getting it themselves. 
The portions were small, and not worth the price. Everyone but one person was missing a dish/drink or more. When people politely asked about their dishes/drinks, the waiters said, ""Oh."". Not, ""I'm sorry"" ""I will check on that""... Nothing. It seemed like we were inconveniencing them. 

The food was missing things, not cooked properly or enough and very small. The crab cake appetizer was small, and not flavored well at all. The lamb dinner was not good either...we asked for medium. It was barely pan seared, and it was practically pink on the outside. It didn't even come with the green sauce promised. The lobster Mac and cheese - the waiter, "" It's amazing, I highly recommend it, we're known for it."" It was extremely salty and tasted like boxed Mac and powdery cheese with two small pieces of lobster. 
Cesar salad - don't know. We never got it and were never asked if we still wanted it. 

They charged us $140 for 3 drinks, lobster Mac and cheese, small lamb chops and two crab cakes. They charged everyone 20% gratuity. It's usually 18%, but the waiter didn't even deserve that. He didn't even care to serve us much less care if we were even there. 

Do not eat here. Save your money and eat somewhere else before going to the Artisan. The hotel itself is awesome for the ambiance. But the restaurant...I promise, you are missing nothing.",1.0
"So pleased that we chose Marcel Painting for our home!!! I had 3 quotes for exterior home power-washing, painting of fascia, painting of roof over patio, 4 metal supporting posts, and 2 exterior carport doors. We decided to go with Marcel Painting based upon his quote and how he supports his employees and business. Kelly Mardis, owner, was always prompt in email replying to questions I had about the work process and paint concerns. Crew arrived promptly and worked hard throughout the job. Prior to beginning work we went over specs of the job to make sure we were on the same page. They did a great job in color-matching paint. Clean-up was acceptable.

What really matters after the acceptance of the quote is how the job looks... It met all our expectations!!! Wish we had done this sooner!!!",5.0
"I had multiple keys for a condo I just purchased - one set for the security door, and two sets for the exterior door. I called  the company and was seen within an hour. The service was fast and now I am down to just two keys. The cost was reasonable compared to  what I paid another company for keys to a storage locker.",5.0
"I can not believe that of all of these reviews that nobody has commented on the HIGH quality of the Guinness here!?!? Their quality control system is too elaborate to describe here but I go purely for this beer. The rest of the bar is not bad; there is a lot of wood decor and sometimes there is a loud band in there playing good cover songs. The whole reason to go here however is the Guinness. I wasn't a fan of this kind of beer in the past, and to be honest its a big let down when I get it elsewhere at this point.",5.0
"Enjoyed a family dinner celebration for my sons 21st birthday. 
Our server Allien was just the best.  She made our dinning experience the best time.  She knew when to come by and when to let us enjoy our food. She made perfect recommendations on what to eat as this was our first time here. She was a pleasure to have as a server. 
Now the food was also great and we would eat here again.",5.0
"Good folk doing good work.
My car was ready in a reasonable amount of time and the quality of the repair was first rate.  

Their communication with me could have been a lil' better. I gave them my correct contact information yet I was told that they had a different contact telephone number for me. (so I was the one bugging them on the telephone)

That being said, that wasn't enough to subtract a star from the rating.
Their price on the work was more than fair and these are genuinely nice people running an honest business.

I hope I don't need body work done on another vehicle (ever) but if I do, I'll go back to see them again.",5.0
"Great food, great service, order is always accurate, they're fast, and it's always very clean. I love chick fil a !",5.0
We love the open floor plan and the hours and convenience of this gym. The employees are friendly and helpful.,5.0
"+.5 for service

I've been here twice now, the first one from curiousness when I dined at Yang's BBQ and noticed this interesting place popping up. I enjoyed it the first time so much that I reserved to come a second time the week after.

360 Seahood (intentionally spelled that way) is a restaurant that focuses on both grilled BBQ and boil in a bag seafood. However, the menu is all in Chinese, so best if you don't know Chinese to accompany with someone who knows how to read Chinese. The employees do know English though, although communication might be a bit slow at times.

I went with the lamb, beef, chicken, and sausage skewers, as those tend to be the staples of grilled BBQ. The meats all come raw and you have to put the skewers into a 360 degree revolving grill for it to be cooked. You can also put as much (or as little) spice and cumin as you like. Personally I prefer this system, as my spice tolerance is quite low and I find many places to overdo on spices even if I told them to not put less on. I was satisfied with the lamb, beef, and chicken skewers, but the sausage ones were large but lacked the juiciness of the other meats.

As for the boil in a bag seafood, I tried the one with clams, and I will warn you beforehand: The sauce is extremely spicy, and according to the employees there's no way they can reduce the spiciness. It probably tasted okay in the end, but I was bawling my eyes out with each bite so there was no way I could've finished them all.

Service was very good in my end, and if you don't know how to use the grill initially a server will teach you. For a place that's mostly catered to mainlanders (and hence one shouldn't expect top notch service), I was pleasantly impressed with the service here. I'll likely return if I'm in a grilled BBQ mood, although for sausages I'll likely stick to Yang's.",3.0
This was my first time here and I will never go back.  My hubby and I were excited to get alil dresses up and have some Italian and god did they mess that off. To start off when we walked in the place REEKED of piss. Like someone has literally just peed on the floor. Our waitress showed us to a booth in the back where they were scraps and trash under and around our table. I asked her for a drink list she informs me there isn't one k fine I move on. Then we get an appetizer the fried ravoli which was prices at 8$ but only came with four bite size pieces on a plate. That's it. Now onto the meal I order a tortellini and marinara and my husband got the tuna. Mine came out with random mixed veggies In it(which I just picked around) and my husbands came out fine except his sauces came in plastic cups(it was a 20$ dish). Oh and that's not the end of it. After telling the waitress that I didn't receive what I ordered we had to listen to her and the cook scream at each other while we at. She then have us our check and then disappeared. We waited until I finally stopped another waitress to cash us out. I paid 65$ all together and it should have been free.,1.0
Over 3 hours for check in. Only 2 check in agents. Also safe in room was not working and air conditioner was not working and toilet wad leaking on bathroom floor. Had to change rooms at midnight. Overall NOT a good time.,1.0
"I feel like Dimmi needs a bit of a modern facelift, though maybe the old Italian atmosphere is what some patrons enjoy. Their menu is slightly uninspiring but maybe don't fix what isn't broken, as their red sauce is particularly great on any type of pasta, and I seem to keep going back.",3.0
"Chippendales is the best show in Vegas for the ladies by far!  I went here with fellow yelper Lily A. and friends for my 30th birthday back in 2009 (please refer to Lily A.'s review for more details) and for a second time in July 2012 for my cousin's 18th birthday.  They do allow ages 18 and up, but for those who are under 21, they must stay outside of the lounge which serves drinks.  The show is more of an experience, they wow you with the lights, music, and most of all...the bare chested men!  I have been to Thunder from Down Under and Chippendales is the original and the best!  I like the seating arrangement because we all pretty much have a good view, aren't restricted and have areas where the Chippendales dancers can come up to us and shake and smolder all they want:)    Everyone was screaming/panting for more and it was if every little move that those hunky dancers would do, sent us ladies into a trance;)  If you can get there early enough, you can enjoy some drinks before.  Also, after the show there is a lounge for 21 and up, to meet some of the dancers so you can pose and take photos with them as well as have them sign your poster or calendar.  Speaking of calendar, I got a free one just for checking in on the yelp app on my phone.  So if you want a MAGIC MIKE like experience then get over to the Chippendales show at the Rio in Las Vegas, well worth the ticket my friend!",5.0
"We chose pizza again after a bbq competition and 1 Brothers Pizza was a winner!  We started off with some chicken wings and we all agreed they were delicious...crispy and cooked perfectly.  For the pizza, I hadn't had a Sicilian style pizza in quite some time so we went with that...with pepperoni.  So good!  The sauce was incredibly flavorful and it really hit the spot.  My husband and daughter both said, ""Best pizza in Arizona.""  I'm not sure that I would go that far, but it really was delicious and I'd definitely return.",5.0
"I am always amazed that people are quick to criticize for a variety of reasons.  I moved to this area in August 2015 from a place that was monopolized by Walmart's.  I travel often for my profession in the Retail industry and part of my job is understanding retail and observing market trends.
I often shop this Walmart BECAUSE the staff is accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable. I read the criticisms and found zero to be creditable for this particular Walmart. 
I shop at a variety of times. High traffic/ volume and late at night. I have personally observed the night crew stocking team and have noted how efficient and customer service oriented they are consistently.
The ammonia critique? Maybe you need to p-r-o-n-u-n-c-i-a-t-e your words. http://www.differencebetween.com/difference-between-enunciation-and-vs-pronunciation/

 Your ancestors were once immigrants  who I am sure put in a day's work for an honest dollar. I have observed the team leader  helping an older hard of hearing woman find some sort of feminine product with patience and diligence while she was unclear of what she was looking for to begin with, I was even impressed as an old retail hag of thirty years. 
The critique about profiling? Sounds like you are highly sensitive. Maybe it was you he didn't like? And, your Hispanic husband had nothing to do with it. Maybe you walk around with a chip on your shoulder and a simple Walmart employee was trying to make your day a 'little-better'. 

This store runs exceptionally well. From the Cashiers, Customer Service Representatives, Garden area and the stock team who pull double duty responsibilities and also  serve as sales associates.

I came on the Walmart site to look up pool toys and felt the need to defend the employees of THIS ONE LOCATION. 

to the Haters, get a life, you have a choice shop.  Somewhere else?  Basha's , Target Safeway.",5.0
"It's too bad I have to give this place such a poor review because the food on their very abundant menu isn't half bad. Let me start by pointing out the positive first: 

The menu has just about anything you can think of. Whatever you're in the mood for will most likely be listed. The ambiance is nice enough; nice seating, nice lighting, etc, etc. The price is right and they have a great drink and dessert selection. So what's the problem?

...Well, you know how the Jackson 5 said one bad apple don't spoil the whole bunch?...Unfortunately, the service at this Yonge and Eglinton location just spoiled the entire silo...

  Sigh... I probably won't ever go back to this location again after what happened and here's why:
  I was there for dinner and drinks and from the start it didn't feel right. Our waitress took forever to greet us and the place wasn't even busy...No smile, no name, no connection at all from our server and first impressions usually mean a lot...even still, I was able to let it slide until I asked for separate bills. 

The waitress rolled her eyes and kind of grunted/sighed as a response. When the food was served, it was pretty much slammed down in front of our faces and never once were our waters refilled. As the night wore on and the service got worse, we had a bet going on as to who would find a big gob of spit in their plates...(no one did, luckily). 

The bills were wrong when given to us and when I asked for the manager to straighten it out I thought I was going to get my ears boxed! I'm not the type to complain or cause trouble at restaurants (side note: I've been a server before and I know first hand how stressful this job can be so I can empathize to a certain point) but the service was absolutely terrible. And when I thought the service couldn't get worse, the manager didn't even seem to care. Go figure.

 All in all, you may have a better server and a better night than I did here; I certainly hope so. If you want a decent meal, Pickle Barrel isn't bad but don't expect great service.",1.0
Awesome looking place! Stopped in for breakfast the other day and was amazed at the price and food. Waiters were super friendly and accommodating. Really clean and chill,5.0
This place is really hit or miss. Sometimes the service and food is really great and other times it's pretty terrible. However I'm finding it to be terrible more often than good these last few visits. And sitting by the bar has brought some new insight as to how this place is run. I watched multiple servers grab the straws where people typically drink from and watched one lady stir a child's chocolate milk by the part of the straw where someone's child would drink. To make matters worse I watched the bartender drop a Marciano cherry on the counter then pick it up and put it in the drink. My fiancs burger was over cooked aka the patty was like rubber and the bread was stale. The only thing worth coming for is the fries...,2.0
Amazing burritos! The best I have ever had and I continue to try new places and am always disappointed. The owner/manager Marc is super friendly! They messed up my order once. It was no big deal. I let Marc know and he said the next one would be on him. He remembered me the next time I came in and took of me like he promised. Very pleased with the service and food quality and taste! Highly recommend this location. Others have not been so friendly.,5.0
"Super annoyed because I waited almost 2 hours in that waiting room, just to be told that I needed a referral by a PCP. This piece of information could have easily been told when I made my initial appointment over the phone or at the very beginning before I completed all that paperwork. Thanks for letting me sit there for two hours for nothing.",1.0
My hummus appetizer was huge and delicious. I wanted to eat all of it but it really is better for sharing. I love lamb so I had the 8oz lamb chops. Really good I wish there had been more. My potatoes were good but nothing to write home about. The rice was nicely spiced. The lamb was served with tzatziki which really added to the flavour. Nice atmosphere and beautiful outdoor patio. Service was friendly and quick.,4.0
"The outside of the building is plain and nondescript, and might even make you wonder if you're at the right place. But once you step inside the Pinball Hall of Fame, you'll find yourself in pinball geek heaven, with just over 150 vintage and new pinball machines on display, which you can also play!

Pinball machines are becoming harder and harder to find, as the video arcades that used to keep a few machines in the back have gone the way of the dodo, now that one can have loud booming games with ultra-realistic graphics on their home console. But pinball was the game of choice for gamers in the 1970s and 1980s, back when Koopa Troopa might be confused for an ABBA song. 

So finding a place where playable pinball machines still exist is on its own quite remarkable, but finding so many machines crammed into a 10,000 square foot hall will leave even the average pinball enthusiast agog. What's more, the games you can play at the Pinball Hall of Fame span six decades.  

Here you will find a dozen or so pinball machines from the the late 1940s through to the 1960s, including King and Queens from 1965, which was featured in the movie Tommy, and Wild Wild West from 1968. These games are part of pinball history, with tiny flippers, rubber bands stretched across big bumpers, and analogue scoreboards that predate me, and I would otherwise never have had the chance to play.    

A good 40 machines let you experience pinball as it was played in the 1970s, including the Elton John tribute Capt. Fantastic, a Superman pinball machine, a classic Star Trek game, and a KISS machine. These were also before my time -- or at least before I was allowed into an arcade -- but were the iconic machines of that era.  

Another dozen or so machines are from the 1980s, like the famous Taxi pinball machine from Williams, but it's the 1990s that are really honored here with some 50 machines from that decade. These are the machines I remember the best, as I endlessly played many of these games (with their then novel pixelated displays) throughout my early and late 20s, when I lived across the street from a video arcade that has long since bit the dust. 

So it was very nostalgic to plunk down a couple quarters and play some machines I haven't seen in decades: making the Bride of Pinbot sing with her electronic voice; watching the flippers of the Addams Family machine snap along with its theme song; skillfully destroying an asteroid on Star Trek: The Next Generation with a single shot; and my all-time favorite, launching the inane Tiger Saw bonus illusion on the Theatre of Magic. All the machines were maintained in tip-top shape, and playing them made me feel like I was somehow transported back to a more carefree, whimsical time. Most of the games also feature cards and QR codes that provide you with additional details about their history. 

For those out there who only noticed pinball a bit later, there are also a good twenty or so machines from the past two decades including Ripley's Believe it or Not (2003), Family Guy (2007), and CSI (2009).  

You can also find a few classic arcade games strewn here and there. On my last trip to the Pinball Hall of Fame I spotted Dragon's Lair, Joust and Gauntlet Legends. 

The older games cost no more than a couple of quarters to play, and this museum is an established not-for-proft corporation. There is no entry fee, and the money collected from the pinball machines is used to repair and restore these classic games, with profits going to non-denominational charities, like the Salvation Army.

If you're staying on the south side of the strip (the Luxor, Tropicana, MGM Grand), a cab ride will cost you between $15 and $20 to get there, depending on traffic, and another $15 to $20 to get back. As the museum is a bit off the beaten path and the denizens wandering a few blocks away can seem somewhat sketchy, flagging down a passing cab might not be very easy, so you might want to have a local cab number on hand, or pre-arrange your return trip. 

Public transportation, especially in the day time, is another option. The 201 bus has a stop near the MGM and Excalibur (at Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana), and takes you to a stop very close to the Pinball Hall of Fame, between South Maryland and South Eastern. The fare is $2 each way.",5.0
"Lazy quick review:

Awesome, elevated diner food, Friendly servers, must try spot for brunchers!

Crab Benedict = 8/10 good, lots of crab

Chicken and waffles = 10/10 chicken was amazing and strawberry butter was delicious

Meatloaf = 9/10 delicious, especially if you're a fan of loafed meat. 

All American burger = 8/10 slaw was interesting, Worked overall though!",5.0
"Having not been out in Willoughby before, I'd still heard of Olivor Twist.  It's obviously a staple and has a good reputation.  I just don't think that reputation is keeping up with the times.

We arrived as a large party, and I'll be honest-service was good.  The drinks were fine too.  What wasn't fine was the food.  My crab pizza was actually ""gross"".  I've never said that about pizza before!  It was frozen crab meat on an oily crust and laid in a bed of more oil?!???  I honestly think they were trying to mask the point that it didn't even taste like crab with olive oil.  (See my photo-I'm not exaggerating!) Some other reviews on the table were ""average"", ""overpriced"", ""just ok"", ""not worth my $70 bill"", and ""obviously a frozen ravioli from CostCo"".  

There are plenty of better options nearby.  Don't bother with Olivor Twist unless you're just there for drinks.",2.0
"My husband and I were on vacation in Vegas, and decided to get pedis--he found this shop with good reviews on Yelp--You have to understand that I'm a kind of a spa-services addict, so, just sayin'.  The outside of the shop is just OK, not spectacular--but let me tell you--the pedis were AMAZING!! Ben  gave me the best pedicure Ever! he said he'd make my feet ""like a teenager"" and he wasn't kidding--and my husband was very pleased with his, also--Would totally recommend!",5.0
"Even though the whole vinyl thing has become supercool, the spirit of this little shop is as pure as it gets. Great selection of new and used vinyl and a knowledgeable staff. Best of all is the fair and affordable pricing. As I mentioned before, with vinyl being so in vogue, prices have been going up and up but Record Room is redeeming in its value pricing. Its the little shops like these that make hunting for records a lot of fun. And although I've been doing it for years and worked for both Tower Records and Zia outlets, I've been reminded of the cardinal rule for shopping in today's modern age with records available online: You gotta be patient. There will come a day when what you are looking for will pop up. This happens a lot here as the buyers working here have a vast knowledge of good records.",5.0
There is nobody better then Christine! Not only is her work tremendous but she is a wonderful person and takes great care of her clients.  Her talent is unbelievable!,5.0
"When here on a quiet weekday and I have to say the time means nothing. The serve was horrible and the food was not brought to us in a timely manner. Quality of food was its normal fair, but the reason to go to the cheese cake factory was always for the cheese cake.
Serve was so bad we asked to speak with the manager and I must say he was a condescending jerk to put it nicely.
This location has fallen so badly i would be hard pressed to ever go there for just a cheese cake.
Too bad a good idea has been franchised and in personalize to the point where a once big admirer may never go back again.",1.0
"It's nice to have a restaurant in a hotel.  This Doubletree by Hilton restaurant has excellent staff - friendly & efficient. Menu choices are decent if limited, especially the appetizers. It does have a good wine selection - and bar service to take drinks to the room.  Overall, though reasonably priced, it's a pretty pedestrian eatery.",3.0
"My new go to for Taiwanese dessert :)!

I wouldn't call this a sit down place or take it place. Maybe a bit of both? There is someone in the front trying to sit people. People eat here pretty quickly, its like an in and out place. It was pretty cool how they had those machines that buzz when your food is ready to be picked up from the counter. It said it was long range beeper.. I wonder how far it could go.. Anyways.. I tried their signation grass jelly with taro balls and tapioca. It was pretty good! Not too sweet in my opinion, but that's also cause I have a sweet tooth. My companion found it a bit too sweet. They don't have a lot of choices on their menu. A few varieties of dessert and some drinks. It really is just Taiwanese dessert. The taro balls were not too big, just a good size. Portions were also generous. One bowl filled both of us up after having dinner a few hours previously. Open til late every night :) so that's a plus! Go on by and give it a try if you're around the area.",4.0
"Quite underwhelming. I feel like ramen is pretty simple, and this restaurant managed to present very mediocre bowls of noodles. I ordered a small with bbq duck, chicken, and choy. The picture on the menu displayed upwards of 10 slices of meat and at least 5 stalks of vegetables. What I ended up with was about 4 slices of meat and maybe 2 tiny stalks of greens. I also found the noodles slightly undercooked. Overall, the meal could've been much better. 

I will say that service was extremely fast. We got our orders in two minutes, so we were in and out within half an hour. However, there are much better places to fill up on noodles.",2.0
"OMG, I could eat every meal here! 

It was our last day and didn't want to be in the buffet line, way too long so I'm glad it forced us to go to Bardot :) We sat at the bar and got to look around, people watch ;)

Hubby got the steak brekkie and I got the lobster croissant benedict. OMGOMGOMG! I'm still day dreaming over it. Salivating as I type. It was perfect. Croissant was still crunchy, the sauce was divine, lobster pieces were generous. I wolfed it down! Oh so goooooood! I'm back in Vegas in Oct so I can't wait! I regrettably gave my hubby a bite. Even though I had a bite of his steak, the lobster benedict eclipsed the taste of the steak that I can't even remember what it was like. 

I also noticed that they have lots of baked goods on display. I loved that they had canele. Yum! I'm grateful that the bartender let me try one as the display had not been changed. I got one worthy to play hockey with. He was very apologetic and appalled. He went to the kitchen and got fresh ones. Didn't get compensated but at least I got an apology.

This place is on my list to 'must try'!",5.0
In a word...delicious.  Italian bakery with sweet things and savory items too.  Their location is hard to access due to construction on Mayfield Road but it is worth the time commitment.  I should also add that deliciousness does not come cheap.  I bought two pounds of assorted cookies and dropped $30.,4.0
"I called Costco Tire on Marks St in Henderson NV this morning because I bought my tires from them and I had a nail in my front tire. I asked if I needed an appointment and I was told ""no, cone in and we will take care of you, no problems"". I said I would be there in about an hour and he said ""ok"". I arrive at Costco Tire on Marks and give them my information. He asks for my phone number to call me when it is ready to be picked up. I ask why do you need to call me when it will only take a few minutes. He says ""one hour is standard so we will call you after one hour"". I said when I bought my tires I was told if I get a flat or need a rotation my car will get right in. He says ""nope, one hour is standard minimum"". I say ""I roll never buy tires from Costco again and I'm going to contact corporate to complain"". He says ""ok"". I email corporate and haven't heard a word back yet. I thought Costco had great service? Obviously not in tire center.",1.0
"I took my husband's car for a detailed waxing and Polish. They did a good job, little pricy of course they tried to sell me extra and I say No, thanks. The guy asked me what year the car was and asked me if I want to sell my car.",4.0
"The BBQ chicken is magnificent. I prefer the Carolina Gold sauce. The corn bread is mouthwatering and you should finish with Banana pudding!  Make sure you look at their hours  because they close earlier than most restaurants.  I suspect this is because they are so busy that they don't have to stay open late to make money.  If you love good southern BBQ, then you have to give this place a try.  They have a great selection of sauces that are all good.  You will just have to decide which is YOUR favorite!",5.0
"Upon arrival we felt very welcome with the friendly service. It being our first time, Jennifer our waiter was really informative. We tried the Japanese Miso Soup and the Rib Eye hot pot. Both dishes were delicious and  we had our spices on the side. I deducted a star because the chicken wings were slightly burnt on the outside and some pieces were rare and pink inside. However they took the wings off the check and overall we were satisfied. 4 stars... Good customer service!",4.0
Wow really don't have a open sign on if your going to sit there vacuuming and totally ignoring your costumes. God you must be a special kind of stupid lady.,1.0
"Stinkweeds is the coolest indie music store in Arizona. They have a great selection of music and their service is phenomenal. Plus, I love that the owner is a tireless promoter of locally owned businesses through the Local First Arizona organization/movement.",5.0
"We stopped here because it was one of our favorite spots back n the day but not anymore . Its way over priced for mediocre food . I got the chicken bowl . It came with beans , Spanish rice , pieces of chicken and a pico de gallo salsa . It did not have any flavor and the chicken was dry . To many onions in the salsa . I'm not very picky but the food was not good . And the Combos don't come with drinks so you have to pay extra . Parking lot is kinda small and the cashier had a bunch of hickies all over her neck and her customer service sucked . She brought us 3 entres then yelled at us from the counter to get the last 2 .",2.0
"Probably the best Asian style burger I've ever had in my entire life
Had the spicy miso burger with grilled onions and bacon. As well as the Oxtail chili fries. 

Will defiantly return with a crowd next time!",5.0
I am absolutely floored by what I just experienced. Everything with this stay was perfectly fine until they changed the locks in our room door while we were out for the day. Why they thought this was acceptable without telling the guests I will never know.,1.0
"I think ""Wine House"" is a bit of a misnomer these days due to their wonderfully large and varied beer selection, but it's still a good place. It's unique as far as booze shops go because of the bar and patio where you can grab a fresh beer and relax, whether you're shopping or just want to kick back. For home brewers (and vintners) they have a small selection of basic supplies.",4.0
Pressed Juice and healthy food done right. Pretty pricy but everything I have tried has been great. There are so many of these types of places that miss the mark...especially on the food (I.e. Green and proteins)...this one is simple but 5 stars!,5.0
"Going to Durant's is like stepping back in time where the lighting was a bit darker, the booths leather, and the wallpaper a dark red with velvet. You get to the restaurant by walking through the kitchen which starts off your experience. You don't see many people on their cellphones and you can even find a pay phone in the restaurant. 
Durants reminds me of dinner my mom use to talk about how they would last a bit longer. Your appetizers were brought out and you didn't get your salads until you were finished so expect to spend some time. People here are enjoying the slower pace and the extremely attentive wait staff and having fun talking to each other. 
They start you off with some raw vegetables and then bring you this garlic bread that's covered in butter ( delicious). 
We ordered the calamari as an appetizer which was very good, the breeding was very light and the calamari cooked perfectly. My friend and I both got the prime rib which was cooked perfectly and it was so easy to cut. We both got the garlic mashed potatoes and shared a side of asparagus which came with a delicious hollandaise sauce. The horseradish sauce was great as well. I opted to pay a little extra and get the Cesar salad which was good but their house salad looked perfect with dark greens (not typical ice berg). We shared the creme brle for desert where you get a sample of three kinds; an amaretto, berry, and a chocolate. My favorite was the amaretto 
This is a great place to go and experience but keep in mind the prices reflect the quality of food they are set of but it's well worth is from time to time",4.0
"Love the space and the friendly upfront service. Love that you can see Sean cooking and doing his thing as you're enjoying the dining experience. 

It made my dc and myself so excited for the jerk chicken taco we ordered. Watching the perfectly golden brown scones (Bannock) being fried was heaven.

The dish itself looked like it was a painting. The bright colors and layout was definitely an ode to what i was about to enjoy.

First bite had some mango slaw, jerk chicken, goat cheese and a piece of scone in it... wait I'll be right back... had to relive that moment because it was absolutely phenomenal and drool worthy!

We cleaned the plate even though we were still full from lunch but I couldn't miss the opportunity to visit the Pow Wow Cafe! 

The women who took care of us during our visit was so sweet and approachable! 

Will be back to try all their menu items ;)

Looking to explore more into some Indigenous cuisine inspired meals, go on by!",5.0
"Clean.  Nice workers.  But let's face it...quality Chinese food, this ain't.  The vegetables had a weird film of...something.  Everything else tasted very sugary and overly salty all at once.  But in a pinch, it'll fill your belly and not break your wallet.",2.0
"Excellent service, great selection and fair prices.  If you're a complete noob they will help you out.  I've been going there almost twice a week now since they opened and I have nothing but good things to say about this place.",5.0
"Local artists venue to sell some amazing art and useful items as well.  I just felt great to be able to buy somethings for gifts that are local made!  

I don't know if they have a criteria to have items for sale at this venue but I will compliment whomever it is that works the displays.  The store feels like you are in a discovery where your eyes are on a holiday.  There isn't a clutter feeling at all but a respectful display of so many various types of pieces.  

There is a wood artist who precisely cuts woods into amplifiers for your iphone.  The wood is beautiful and I just wish we could afford the room to get one of the Victrola style speakers.  

I got myself a pair of Indian Head penny earrings for a very reasonable price.  

This is a place you will come into and look at something and immediately know someone who would love this item as a gift!",5.0
"Went to this place for this first time on Saturday and it definitely won't be the last time.  The staff are very kind and are very welcoming.  Our party had ordered some appetizers but a kitchen ""glitch"" had occurred so our waitress (Tanya, who is amazing!) came to us to explain that they will be served with our meals.  She was very apologetic about it and even offered to cover the apps herself.  We were all saying that her sincere apology was enough but for her to offer to cover the apps was just really kind of her.  On top of that, (who I believe was) the Manager also came to our table to apologize.  All this happened early in the night and already we were impressed.  

[Beverages]
Sangria - Not a big fan of sangria but this one was very very good.  It was actually made instead with pineapple juice which is probably why I liked this one.  If I didn't have the same tolerance for alcohol as a slug, then I would've had my own glass rather than just take sips.  

[Starters]
Onion Chips - If you like the Blooming Onion at food festivals, you may also like this.  It's a lot lighter and comes with some kind of dip that looked and tasted like chipotle mayo.  I didn't have much only because it wasn't my order, and I tried it much later when it had already cooled down.  I would assume it's much better tasting when it's fresh. 4/5

Ahi Tuna Wontons - Hands down, one of the best apps I've ever tasted.  Not overly flavoured but was flavoured enough.  If you want a lighter meal, I'd recommend this one.  Maybe get another side to go with it. 5/5

[Mains] 
BBQ Chicken Pizza - Other than the BBQ Chicken Pizza at CPK (California Pizza Kitchen), this one is very good, maybe even better since the pizzas are baked in a coal fired oven.  Crust is nice and crispy and the kicker or the ""icing on the cake"" with this pizza would be the roasted corn.  5/5

Neptune Pizza - If you love seafood, I highly recommend this pie. It comes with tiger shrimp and smoked salmon. Garnished with fresh arugula, capers that roast nicely and drizzled with a nice balsamic.  It is by far one of the best pies I've ever tasted.  I'd go back just for this pizza. 5+/5

Penne A La Vodka - Big serving of this very simple pasta dish.  Had a pretty good ratio between the pasta itself and the chicken and mushroom.  Had the right amount of cheese as well so it wasn't overly rich. 4/5

BBQ Baby Back Ribs - A great meal for a big meat eater.  Ribs were perfectly prepared as it was quite tender and just fell off the bones.  The sauce was also very nice though it could've used a little more flavouring.  Otherwise, it was still very very good.  5/5

Mushroom Linguini - My friend ordered this dish and she opted out of the bacon so SHE lost some brownie points with me.  The dish on the other hand was very tasty with the right amount of heat.  Definitely something I'd order myself in one of my future visits. 4/5",5.0
"My husband and I met Erica through the expectant moms group she co-hosts in Cambridge on Monday nights. We liked her thoughtful and nonjudgmental perspective on pregnancy and birth from the get-go. So when we came to the decision to hire a doula for our birth, there was no question that it was Erica we wanted by our side. Luckily, she was available!

We met with Erica several times before the birth. She listened to our needs and worries and helped us create a comprehensive birth plan. From the beginning, she was full of helpful resources, from belly mapping info and baby-positioning exercises to hypnobirth recordings and suggested reading materials. 

Our son was 9 days late, and Erica was very accessible and helpful in supporting our goal of avoiding induction, even when the doctors were pushing pretty hard for it. She suggested acupuncture to encourage labor and provided a list of recommended acupuncturists -- and I honestly think that was what helped get labor started (contractions began 12 hours after I got poked!).

My labor lasted about 20 hours -- and I'm not sure if I would have had the unmedicated experience I did if not for Erica. She was absolutely essential to achieving the birth I wanted. She gave us space during the early laboring we did at home, then arrived just in time for us to head to the hospital. Throughout the rest of labor, she was as present as she needed to be. When I got fatigued, she always had a new position for me to try. She made sure my husband ate and took breaks when he needed them. She was there with massage techniques and essential oils at the most important moments. She was never overbearing or pushy, just supportive, encouraging, knowledgeable and kind.

Erica's photography is the icing on the cake of her services. It's entirely optional, of course, but I absolutely recommend having her snap a few shots when she can! After having her there though the labor, it seemed perfectly natural for her to capture the first moments my husband and I spent with our new son. I almost cried when we got the pictures. They were so beautiful! We'll treasure them forever, along with our amazing birth experience -- all thanks to Erica.",5.0
Visited 4/10/17- great environment good service and fresh good food.  I needed to make some changes to my order & they were very accommodating. I loved the vibe of the place!,4.0
"I'm thinking this place gets the high reviews for their awesome drink specials... definitely not the food.
The drinks are always a deal, and it must be popular on weekend... it was dead the night I went.. but at least l could get some bad wings and a few beers at midnight. Barkeep was very nice too.",3.0
"I wish Lombardo Gelato would come to a mall I frequent more often than Fiesta.  Or Arrowhead. Or Desert Sky.  Are they trying to torture me?

I hardly ever go to any of those malls, and of course, those are the only locations of Lombardo's.  Oh well. I guess that leaves this delicious little gelato spot as a treat for every now and then. 

Last time I went to Fiesta Mall, they had a cookies and cream flavor that was amazing.  But they also had a delicious pineapple flavor that tasted like the real deal and it even had chunks of pineapple in it. So good.  It was exceptionally hard to choose, but of course I went with the least healthy option- cookies and cream.

If you're in the mall and feeling a bit weary, Lombardo Gelato will perk you right up.  And then you can burn off the calories you consumed by power shopping in the mall.",4.0
"Food is good, but nothing really special about it.  I could've gotten the same taste at a Panda Express with better prices.  IMO, food is good, but not good enough to justify their prices.",3.0
Love this place!  The staff is always friendly and the food is always on point! ! Desserts taste like my mom's!  This BBQ is something to be reckoned with!,5.0
"Chagrin really does a great job highlighting these beautiful falls.  It's really hard not to think of the small town life that I used to live growing up.  If you're ever in the area, this is a must stop.  Dining options are many, with a few giving you views of the falls.",5.0
"Dr. Heffner is the absolute best! I will never go to anyone else. She makes it simple fast and painless! She's so sweet and makes it fun to go there rather than dreading it! She is overall AMAZING! Makes everyone look gorgeous, and best price I've seen for the work she does.",5.0
"This place is the definition of a cute little cafe. And what makes it cute? White-washed decor, baked goods, quaint rooms, and carefully selected household items on display and for sale.

It's simply calming - not an easy feat in this city.",5.0
Are you kidding me Waited an hour to get get a table. Then another 15 minutes and never got waited on. We won't be back!!!! WTF,1.0
"Absolutely hated it. Every reason that people dislike large gyms lives right here. I work out 5-6 days a week. Some weeks I am traveling 3 of those days. In all of the time I have put in at various gyms I have never had a worse experience. I'm not sure I will be allowed enough room for the list of complaints I have. To start things off they charge $15 for a day pass. FIFTEEN! Mind you the membership fee is only $10/month. Let me tell you what i got for my $15. 

This facility is huge. It has every machine that you could ever dream of. The problem is that there are 3 people for every machine. No one is cleaning machines when they leave them. I didn't see any employees cleaning machines, or the facilities for that matter either. I chose to go to a ""Real"" gym rather than just using my hotel gym because I needed a bench press for my workout. I spent 10 minutes attempting to stalk out an available bench without any luck, and continued to check back consistently the entire time I was in the gym. Despite my efforts I never got on a bench, or a preacher curl bench, or a cable machine, or any other station that was part of today's workout. At that point I considered changing my workout to Leg day, but I couldn't get on a squat rack either. Deciding that I was going to make the most of the situation I went to the Comparable exercise machines. That wait was not quite as awful, but it still sucked. I found myself rushing to the machines I needed in competition with someone else each time. I eventually just tried the ""Women's workout"" area. I was finally able to access dumbbells in there, but there was no bench press. What I did find were spills all over the floor that were being ignored, dumbbells, & kettle-bells strewn around the room and never re-racked. Women dodging each-other & trying not to trip over the random weights. This room was even so crowded that women were doing floor exercises in the middle of the cable machine. I was never able to complete my planned workout because I could not access the necessary equipment. Had I known that going in I would have just stayed at the hotel gym. 

I LOVE the gym. I LOVE my workouts. I'm not a timid girl who is intimidated by heavy weights, new environments, crowds, or hard workouts. It's a big part of my day that I really look forward to, but today was nothing short of awful. The only positive experience with Fitness Connection was that the kid at the front desk who accepted my $15 payment was a really nice guy. The rest of my experience was very disappointing. 

If you're into overcrowded gyms that overcharge you for one day of the most stressful workout environment available this is the place for you. For me, Fitness Connection has solidified my commitment to the neighborhood gym. It's after midnight and I am still mad at myself for not demanding a refund before leaving this place. I even came back to my hotel & suggested that they not recommend this gym to any other guests. I don't understand why anyone would walk through their doors more than once for any reason other than a refund.

No thank you, Fitness Connection.",1.0
"I've anticipated coming here for over a year. Overall, I think it was a worth while visit but it's definitely not a place I would visit regularly. It seemed many of the other guests were celebrating special occasions which make sense because this buffet does stand out. I have too many thoughts about my experience, both good and bad, so I thought I just lay it out. 

Positives 
+ Champagne served while you're waiting to be seated 
+ High-end menu selection not found in other buffets - unlimited lobster, caviar. Not one of those where you're rationed. Lobsters are full size, not the langostino variety. 
+ High quality food - large shrimp cocktail, jumbo king crab legs, fresh raw oyster, ripe fresh fruit 
+ Service - high touch attentive service - beverages refilled immediately. Napkins refolded every time I left the table and replaced when dirty. 

Negatives 
- Broiled lobster was over done and thus tough 
- Kind crab leg wasn't halved so you have to crack the legs. Not easy given the pointy spines and buttery sauce coating the legs . Had 1 leg and gave up. Maybe that was the objective. 
- $85 + tax and tip. Not for the faint of heart 
- Dessert selection was OK 
- Ambiance - stuffy dark old school steak house ambiance. Would have preferred for light, airy venue given this is Sunday brunch 
- Only offered on Sundays. Not the best day given we've already gorged ourselves the whole weekend and who wants to get stuffed right before they jump on a plane or car. With the LV - LA traffic, pretty much guarantees you'll be sitting in the middle of it by the time you're done.",4.0
"Stopped here for dinner on the patio while strolling in Little Italy and am so glad we did! Everything on their menu sounded delicious and was relatively healthy. We both opted for a scroll (stuffed roti) and upgraded our side to one of their signature salads. Everything was prepared beautifully and tasted just as good! This place clearly values offering quality service and a cool, inviting atmosphere. Whether you're looking for brunch, lunch, dinner or just drinks, this place is worth trying out.",5.0
"I love the menu options to choose what I want to put on my hot dog! You can pile it really high with some amazing toppings. 

Great with beer. Good tap selection. 

Fun atmosphere",5.0
"It's so much fun shopping in this big store! While it has a lot of regular dollar-store items, they also have a huge variety of goods priced above a buck (still very inexpensive, though) and such items are clearly marked with a price sticker. The merchandise ranges from food items with a heavy emphasis on Asian - especially Korean - food and beverages, to clothing, small appliances and electronics, toys, cosmetics, kitchenware and tableware, luggage, arts & craft supplies ... too may things to list here - even things like piatas and wooden tortilla presses! Definitely come here and enjoy the bargains, the wide variety of goods including many unusual and hard-to-find Asian items, and the very friendly service of the personnel.",4.0
"Parking is still on my ""cons"" list but can usually park in the back or the garage for free. I still don't understand the need for the pay lots.
Union has been open for a few months now and I love it there. There is a coffee shop (Royal, it's wonderful) as well as some great locally owned shops like For the People, Bonafide Goods and Queen Creek Olive Mill.
There is a relatively new J. Crew, however it is a women's only store. 
So I liked it before and absolutely love it now!",5.0
Small studio with all hot classes. Every class differs depending on the teacher. Make sure to arrive early on peak hour classes to ensure you get a spot! I would give it 3.5 stars bc of the lack of yoga studios in Northern Mississauga. Reasonable prices.,3.0
"The people here are very rude they yelled at us for using headphone after telling us we could we asked a few time before getting on the floor. They're so restrictive like you can't backwards skate if everyone else is in a forward direction. This place truly should be marketed for elderly people. My friends and I walked in and felt out of place the moment me walk in. We didn't stay for more than 20min and most of that time was waiting for their ""special"" skate to end and was on the floor for less than 1 minute before this very rude and unprofessional work belittled us. They can get 1 star because their floor is decent. I will NEVER EVER WASTE MY MONEY AT THIS PLACE AGAIN.",1.0
"Fantastic tacos, I had the 3 for $10 option and tried the Chicken Hermanos tacos which were a mix of BBQ chicken and pineapple/red onion salsa. Great kick of spice on the chicken and the salsa balanced it our beautifully with a refreshing sweet flavour. Will definitely be back!",5.0
"I purchased a 2011 CSX. Not only are Acura's great cars, this location has great customer service. I've totally bought in to the story they are telling. I drove an hour to have my car serviced today. Why? Because I was treated so well when I purchased my car.

Carmen runs the show and clearly has a passion for Acura and customer service. My Family has been purchasing cars from this dealership and Carmen since the 1990's.

They also have a nice comfy lounge with WiFi, coffee, and TV.",5.0
we come here for bachelorette parties and its sooo good...the prix fix menu is great! eat the fried macaroni and kobe beef sliders! the drinks are yummy!  The place is very hip! hehe!,4.0
"MINI North Scottsdale- kept pushing their own financing after I stressed several times, I had my own all ready approved. Friend went into drive the car for me, since I WORK, and he was basically ignored. And when given a ""out the door"" price, a ""mistake"" was made ...asked for a buyers order twice so I could send it to my bank... until I threatened to walk, did they give it to me...huh?...and then after, I wouldn't hand over my financial info, they said, that someone needed to come with me to the bank to get the cashier's check...whah??? Overall, it really started to feel like I was dealing with a smarmy car dealership... so passed. If I'm gonna spend $30K at your place, people at least be kind of nice.",2.0
"I've found my new favorite burger joint!! The 1St time I went to this place it was really busy, they had only been open for 2 days. My experience wasn't the greatest however I knew this place had grater potential. So I didn't give up and decided to give them another try!! 

I was lucky to speak with Adam one of the owner about my experience. He was glad that I spoke to him about the problem and offered to fix the issue!! Also I spoke with couple of the employees while I was there, they love working for Adam (owners) because of the passion they demonstrate for food drives them all !!!

I've always had a soft spot for burgers so I know when I find an excellent burger joint that's worth going back to!",5.0
"We got in a little late (around 9.30pm) so we decided to sit at the bar. The food is the same, some items are 50% from 9pm-midnight and I think the bar looks much nicer!

The menu has lots of french influence and everything we order was amazing As apetizers, we got:
- the raclette. The cheese was legit, but the food wasn't hot enough by the time we got it (they should use stone or metal dishes) and they didn't serve potatoes with the raclette (but that's fine, they don't claim to be a french bistro).
- the mushroom soup, which was perfect.

For the main meal, we got:
- the halibut fish. It was very tasty. However, I think the dish should have been served with more vegetables and the rice should probably have been placed on the side instead of underneath the fish.
- the risotto was very good. The carrot puree that came with it was also very good.

Finally we had the spanish coffee and truffle cake for desert, both were really yummy!

Overall it's a great place to eat. I heard the menu changes very often, so your mileage might vary depending on when you go.",4.0
"Summary: Excellent, knowledgable, caring physical therapists. Friendly, courteous, and competent assistants and receptionist. Everything all the other reviewers say is 100% true. 

I'm part way through PT for shoulder impingement and it's feeling a lot better, not 100%, but I do believe I will get there. Henry's my guy, and I have full confidence Steve is equally amazing. He's a wealth of knowledge and the only person who has ever been able to get rid of some long standing, stubborn muscle knots using dry needling (which I love, and hate at the same time!) and other active release techniques. He's persistent in trying to get my my shoulder to a pain-free state and my body back to a healthy state.

Ever so grateful to this team for their professionalism and their care.",5.0
"Hunger makes me desperate.
I mean, that's it really. The ONLY reason I ate anything from this place.
Because this place is where sub-par food reigns and good food is a complete unknown.

I ordered a BLT. 
YES. THEY SCREWED UP A BLT. 
There is very little actual cooking involved here, people.
And yet it was the worst BLT I've ever had.

Bread. Burnt.
Lettuce. Yellow-ish white in colour.
Bacon. Limp.
Tomatoes. Only thing decent.
Mayo. Liberal.

The BLT came with fries or hash browns.
I choose the fries. I really wish I didn't.
I loathe coated fries. Not much left to say after that.

As a parting gift, I now have a stomach ache.

All that for $5.99 plus tax.
What a deal.",1.0
